1)
R1:
1.Project name:Noi coffee 
2. Justification: nowadays, Noi coffee is very popular so that the reason why the management want to expand this coffee with many stores in some provinces.
3. Project scope: This project want to expand into 5 central provinces.
- In terms of scope: the project includes ( survey and selecting premises, designing and construting interiors consistent with the brand, recuiting and training local personnel, building supply chain and launching campaigns.
- time: 12 months
- cost: VND 8.5 billion
- quality: this project must reach the brea- even point within 8 months after opening
R2:
1. name: surveying and selecting premises
- description: research about market and choose premises.
estimated: 1 billion 
how to estimate: compare with many market
-personal charged: management
2. name: design and construct with the brand
- decription: create design of brand
esimated: 2.5 billion
how to estimated: compare with some design in Noi cafe.
personal charged: management of design
3. hiring and training:
decription: hire and teach employee know how to do this job.
estimated: 1 billion
how to estimated: total hour x hourly
person charged: management
4. building a store:
decription: choose a raw material with same concept with Noi cafe and bulit it.
estimated: 3 billion
how to estimated: compare with Noi's cafe in Ho Chi Minh and Ha Noi.
personal charged: management
5. launching campaigns
decription: create marketing and promotions
estimated: 1 billion
how to estimated: per status and promotions
personal chargerd: management
2)
R3:
3 risks:
1.Promotions campaigns
decription: create a lot of campaing interest actract people come to cafe
2.
R4: three project roles
1. Coordinating with the design team
2. HR team 
3. Marketing team

2. the first, we need to survey and rearch about market and then choose premesis to know people like about what. the second, we need to create campaigns maketing help people know we prepare open new cafe per pronvinces. the next, we designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand. moreover, we must hire employee and training them. and then, we need to create marketing team and HR team. and this team create lauching campaigns for each store.
