1)
Request 1:
Project name: Coi coffee Campaigns
Justification(purpose&reason):
The purpose of this project implement an expansion project into 5 Central provindes. This project to implement because connect all Central proviens to develop campaigns.
Project constraints:
Scope constraints: Coi's management to implement an expansion project into 5 Central provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh).

Time Contraints: Project implement with 1 flagship store in each province within 12 month, store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening.

Cost/budget Contraints: The total budget is VND 8.5 billion (approximately VND 1.7 billion/store)

Quality Contraints: Surveying and selecting premiss, designing and constructing interior consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personal, building a raw material supply chain from Central region supplier and lauching campaigns for each.

Request 2:
Five main cost/budget items:
1.Survey and selecting premises
2. Desigining and constricting interior
3. Traning local personal
4. Build a raw material supply chain 
5. Promotional for campaign each store



2)
Request 3:
Three project risk:
1. Cost over
    Impacts: The project runs of funds before completion
    Mitigation: Add a 10% contingency resvers and audit the budget weekly
    Contigency: Request emergency funds from the sponsor or cut down out-of-scope feature

2. Schedule delays
    Impacts: Delays the final launch date and increase cost bugdet
    Mitigation: Allocate buffer time in the schedule an track progess daily
    Contigency: Rellocate resources or forces overtime for critical task to catch up 

3. Low quality
    Impacts: Fails to meet the quality contraints and causes user dissatisfication
    Mitgation: Enforces strict coding/content standard and performace peer view
    Contingency: Delay the launch to fix critical errors or offer immidiately patches post-launch

Request 4:
Three project roles
1. Market Development Director as Project Manager(PM)
2. Design team
3. Human resources team (HR)
4. Marketing team.

at least 10 task:
1. Research and build project: PM:(R/A); Design team(C); HR(I); Marketing team(I)

2. Write scipt: PM(A); Design team(R); HR(I); Marketing team(I)

3. Record: PM(R/A); Design team(I); HR(I); Marketing team(I)

4. Check scipt: PM(A); Design team(R); HR(I); Marketing team(I)

5. Build project campaigns: PM(C); Design team(R/A); HR(I); Marketing team(I)
 
6. Promotion on social media: PM(C); Design team(I); HR(C); Marketing team(R/A)

7. Designing and constructing with the brand: PM(A); Design team(R); HR(I); Marketing team(C)

8. Training local personal:PM(C); Design team(I); HR(R/A); Marketing team (I)

9. Building a raw material: PM(A); Design team(R); HR(I); Marketing team(I)

10. Lauching campaign each store: PM(C); Desgin team(I); HR(I); Marketing team(R/A) 