1)
Request 1:
1. Project name: Coi Cafe - The local Vietnamese coffee brand
2. Justification: Currently, Coi cafe has 12 stores in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City but Coi cafe want to extension market and the famous of brand so that the purpose of project is Coi's management decided to implement an expansion project into 5 central provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh).
3. Project constraints:
3.1: Scope: The project includes: surveying and selecting premises, designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personnel, building a raw material supply chain from central region suppliers, and launching campaigns for each store.
3.2: Time: with 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months.
3.3: Cost: The total budget is VND 8.5 billion (approximately VND 1.7 billion/store) from equity and commercial bank loans.
3.4: Quality: Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening.

Request 2:
Item 1: 
Name: Cost to ren and permises
Description: Cost to ren the store and permises in 12 months for 1 flagship store
Estimation: VND 350 million/store
Way to estimate: Calculated base on market: VND 25 million/month * 12 = VND 300 million + VND 50 million for permises
Person in charge: Project manager
Item 2: 
Name: Designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand
Description: Cost to designing, procurement and material contructing in store
Estimate: VND 600 million/store
Way to estimate: Calculated base on market: Desgining (VND 200 million) + Procurement (200 million) + Material constructing (200 million)
Person in charge: Team leader
Item 3: 
Name: Recruiting and training local personel and salary for staff
Description: Cost train the local personel staff and cost to light-food, drinking
Estimate: VND 600 million/store
Way to estimate: Calcuted base on market: Training (VND 250 million) + Salary (VND 300 million/20 staff) + food and drinking (VND 50 million)
Person in charge: Operation management
Item 4: 
Name: Publication marketing and QR code
Description: Cost for mica table combining QR code linked within users survey
estimate: VND 100 million/store
Way to estimate: Choosing 3 the best publication store to have a good deals
Person in charge: Team leader
Item 5: 
Name: Contingency fund
Description: Emergency fund for technical and operation
Estimate: VND 50 million/store
Way to estimate: hold this money when the store have some problem and use it to solving this problem
Person in charge: Project manager
2)
Request 3:
Risk 1: The project schedule is too tight. too hard to complete on time
Possibility: low
Impact: High
Mitigation plan: set the priority for the activites, add the buffer for the tasks.
Contigency plan: face to face meeting with the customer to reschedule, add more members to do the keys tasks, force them to overtime until finish the tasks
Risk 2: The project manager has poor management skill
Possibility: Medium
Impact: Medium
Mitigation plan: plan the leader training the management, provide learning material management on Udemy
Contingency plan: set a other one as sub as Project Manager in order to support the management
Risk 3: A lack of cooperation negatively effect to the team members productivity
Possibility: Medium
Impact: Medium
Mitigation plan: Encourage the team members in his task, inspire them to do their task
Contingency plan: Encourage the team members in his task, inspire them to do their task

Request 4:
1. Define at least three project roles:
Project manager (PM): Create the project charter, management the budget
Design team (DT): Decor and setup the environment
Marketing team (MT): collect the feedback of users, run the ads and seeding on facebook/tiktok/instragram
HR team (HR): Interview the people who want to do employee in store

RACI Chart:

1. Create project charter: PM (R/A), DT (C), MT(C), HR (C)
2. Conduct requirement gathering: PM (A), DT (I), MT (R), HR (I)
3. Executing Permises: PM (R/A), DT (I), MT (I), HR (I)
4. Decor and desgin the store: PM (A), DT (R), MT(I), HR (I)
5. Implement interview: PM (A), DT (I), MT (I), HR (R)
6. Create ads and seeding on the social media: PM (A), DT (I), MT (R), HR (I)
7. Operation system: PM (A), DT (R), MT (I), HR (I)
8. Conducting feedback of users: PM (A), DT (I), MT (R), HR (I)
9. Create users survey and QR code: PM (A), DT (R), MT (C), HR (C)
10. finalize financial report: PM (R/A), DT (I), MT (C), HR (I)