1)
R1: 
1. Coi Cafe Project

2. Purpose: To implement an expansion project into 5 Central provinces ( Da Nang,Hue.QuangNam.QuangNgai,Binh Dinh),with 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months.

Reason : Coi Cafe is famous for its nostalgic space,traditional drink menu , and sustainable business model ( using reusable cups,purchasing coffee directly from Dak Lak farmes).

3. Project constrains
In terns of scope: surveying and seclecting premies,designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand,recruiting and training local personnel,building a raw material supply chain Central region supplies,launching campaigns for each store.

Time:  In each province within 12 months.

Cost: The total budget is VND 8.5 billion
(approximately VND 1.7 billion/store) 

Quality: Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening.


R2: 
1.
Name :Surveying and seclecting
Description: Ensure seclect point of view for Coi cafe campaigns
How to estimate: We will use tool google form or in-depth interview.
Person in charged: Staff project

2.
Name: Designing and constructing
Description: Ensure all production ,image, indentity match with campaign, easy top trending social media
How to estimate: We will use tool of social media to measurable awareness.
Person in charged: Design team

3.
Name: Recruiting and training local person
Description: Ensure person become to staff good for campaign.
How to estimate: We will meeting daily and testing weekly 
Person in charged:  HR Team or Core Team Coi Cafe

4.
Name:  a raw material supply chain
Description: Buiding a raw material supply chain for Coi cafe
How to estimate: We will meet supply chain with partner weekly and fix it.
Person in charged: Central region suppliers

5.
Name: Launching campaigns
Description: Launching campaigns for each store Coi Cafe into 5 Central provinces
How to estimate: Coordinating with the interior design team, HR team, and marketing team all project campaign.
Person in charged: Coi's management




















2)
R3:
Name: Design and construction
Description: designing and constructin interiors consistent with the brand
Possible impact: Audience not awareness identity of Coi Cafe and flop 
Mitigation: Use many Color tone hot for brand
Contingency: Identity of Coi Cafe in top of mind with customer and Gen Z

Name: Training local person
Description: Training local person for Coi Cafe Campaign 
Possible impact: Staff not avaiable foe each store after opening
Mitigation: Early start training staff in pre-launch 
Contingency: Choose person show attitude good of job for campaign

Name: launching campaigns 
Description: All time Coi Cafe campaign run, each store reach the break - even point within 8 month after opening.
Possible impat: Each store not reach the break - even point within 8 months after opening
Mitigation: Meeting with design team, HR team and marketing team weekly before open.
Contingecy: Promote campaign in social media in top trending

R4: 
Project pre-launch ( 2 months)
Project launch ( 9 months)
Project losing ( 1 months)

Coi's management, design team, HR team, marketing team

- Flagship store
- Coi Cafe campaign 
- Survey
- Select premises
- Design
- Construction
- Recruition
- Training
-  Building a raw material supply chain
-  A raw material
