1)
request 1:
1. project name: create a campaign project about coi cafe space in a life in vietnam.
2. justifications
objective 1: comprehersion building more stores
+ give many people know and experience about traditional drink vietnam, especialy regional people.
+ they serach and reach about sources product cafe in one farm in dak lak and important for farmers.
=> purpose: scare regional people do not know about main traditional and main sources purchasing coffee directly.
objective 2: this project also expericement in each province within 12 months.
+ cost of many things of project: surveying and selecting premises, designing and constructing interiors with brand, recruiting and training local personnel, building a raw material from central region suppliers and launching.
+ wanting to create a brand expansion, develop more drink menu about coffee in honoi and ho chi minh city to relate many people very like kich thich drink.
=> scare meet more high risks and worry will pha san.  
3. project constraints
3.1: scope constraints
+ coi cafe is a pure vietnamese coffee brand with 12 stores in hanoi and ho chi minh city
+ decided to implement an expansion project into 5 central provinces: da nang, hue, quang nam, quang ngai, binh dinh.
+ builiding creative emotions.
+ led by market development director as pm
+ coordinating with the interior design team, hr team, and marketing team.
3.2: time constraints
+ project decided one flagship store in each province within 12 months.
3.3: cost/budget constraints
+ the total budget is nvd 8.5 billion (approximately vnd 1.7 billion / one store.
+ each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening.
3.4: quality constraints
+ coorsinating with the interior design team, hr team, and marketing team.
+ using reusable cups, purchasing coffee directly from dak lak farmers in vietnam.
+ protect and improve risks, du doan before story drama about  campaign this project.

request 2: provide at least five main cost/budget items.
main 1: before opening, project will must complete within 1 year.
name: have more time preparing to campaign project.
description: according to the statement, coi cafe project includes: surveying and selecting premises, designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personnel, buiilding a raw material supply chain from central region suppliers and launching campaigns for each store. i see many that things will preparing very long and slow,  because if running fast and do not can than project, it can meet more risks and will fail project before opening.

main 2: 
name: after opening, each store must reach the break- even point within 8 months.
desciption: within during 8 months, each store will receive one cost du tru, approximately high vnd 900 million to 1 billion or short vnd 600 to 800  million. because project name is coi cafe haven expansion into 5 central and 12 stores, so risk very high and new open.
2)
request 3: identify three project risks
project risk 1:  
title/name: many stores related many coffee brands 
desciption: because in the simple vietnam, not only have a store lien quan toi coffee, and main famous province such as cafe chu long, highland, starbucks, etc. however, name is coi cafe like name is koi - name of a store famous milktea with generation z. 
quality: i think quality must well, just only about cafe and sources. 
time: least slow and in the future.
cost: fail and not high cost

project risk 2: 
title/name: risk about time opening
description: if opening in time is viral about a brand bat ki, coi cafe will only have one stakeholder from custormers/users from u60 to u80. because in the generation z, they are very like milktea and cafe from famous store, 
quality: not bad
time: maybe will viral and hot, approxiamtely 3 to 4 months
cost: vnd 400 to 600 hundred

project risk 3: 
title/name: 
request 4: 
1. three project roles
+ 
2. ten tasks, activities, or deliverable
+ introduction give brand;s project
+ experience break-even within 8 months.

