1)
Request 1:
1. Project name: Coi Cafe's expansion.
2. Justifications:
2.1. Purpose: To extend the cafe to 5 Central provines (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh). 
2.2 Reasons: The Coi Cafe wants to expand their brand to other places in Vietnam for their business.
3.
Project constraints:
- 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months.
- The total budget is VND 8.5 billion (approximately VND 1.7 billion/store).
opening.
In terms of scope: 
- Surveying and selecting premises.
- Designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand.
- Recruiting and training local personnel
- Building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers.
- Launching campaigns for each store.
Time: within 8 months.
Cost/Budget: VND 8.5 billion.
Quality: Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening. 
Request 2: 
1. Design and construction cost
Description: The cost of designing and constructing each store to be consistent with the brand. 
Estimation: The interior design team needs look for the other store's construction fee to find the suitable price.
2. Recruitment cost
Desciption: The fee to hire new employees for the store.
Estimation: The HR will take responble in hire new employees and decide the ammount of money to pay for them for an hour (1 hour x ammount of money).
3. Training cost
Description: Training the new employees to help them do the job right and get used to it.
Estimation: The HR team will train for the newbie and they will get extra money based on the number of people they train.
4. Campaign cost
Description: Launching campaign helps the store to get more people know about it.
Estimation: The marketing team needs to do a survey to find out the cost that need to launching campaign.
5. Building a raw supply chain from Central region suppliers
Description: To have a stable supply chain with the Central region.
Estimate: HR team need to have find suitable supplier and the price by asking other stores.
Request 3:
1. The employee does not performs well
Description: In working time, the employee does not work like they were trained and the make the customer dissatisfied.
Possible impacts: The total revenue of the store does not meet the expectation and lose time to train again.
Risk response: mitigation.
2. Constructing take too long to finish
Description: The constructing process being delayed due to external cause.
Possible impacts: The store will not be completed on the expected day and get more time to construct.
Risk response: contingency.
3. Failed to build supply chain
Description: Failed to find or have agreement with the suppliers.
Possible impacts: Affecting the store's revenue due to the lack of supply
Risk response: mitigate 
Request 4:
Project roles: PM, HR team, design team, marketing team.

1. Planning: PM (R), HR team (C), design team (I), marketing team (I)
2. Initiating: PM (A), HR team (R), design team (I), marketing team (I)
3. Constructing and Designing: PM (I), HR team (C), design team (R)
4. Checking the design: PM (R), design team (C)
5. Building supply chain: PM (I), 
HR team (R)
6. Planning for campaign: PM (A), 
HR team (C), design team (I), marketing team (R) 
7. Launching campaign: PM (I), marketing team (R)
8. Hiring employees: PM(I), 
HR team (R)
9. Training for employees: HR team (R)
10. Writing reports: PM (R), 
HR team (I), design team (I), marketing team (I)
 
2)
