1)
request1:
1.Expansion flagship store Coi Cafe
2.Justifications:
  purpose: implement an expansion project into 5 Central provinces(Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh) with 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months

3.
  scope:survey and select premises, designing and constructing interiors consitent with brand,recruiting and training local presonnel,building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers,launching campaigns for each store.

  time: 12 months

  cost/budget: VND 8.5 billion(approximately VND 1.7 billion/store)

  quality: Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening

request2:
1.
  name: Surveying and selecting premises
  budget:VND 200 M/store
  description: survey and select premises of citiziens about ate,income,coffee habit,jobs
  estimation: marketing team survey and selecting permises by events
2.
  name:designing and construcing 
  budget:VND 500 M/store
  desription:design and construc the store supply chain from Central region suppliers
  estimation:design team consitent with the brand 
3.
  name:recruiting and training local presonnel
 budget:VND 300M/store
 desription: training staff 
  estimation:HR team interview and training staff
4.
  name:building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers
  budget:VND 400M/store 
  desription:building the store to make seen material from Central region suppliers
  estimation:design team consitent with the brand
5.
  name:launching campaign for each store 
  budget:VND 300/store
  desription: launching campaign for each store to be opening
  estimation:marketing team make an event plan to launching campaign 
total: VND 1.7B/store
request3:
1.
  name: competive with other coffee brand 
  description: other coffe brand like highlands cofffe is famous in coffee market. they have many store in Vietnames before
  possible impacts:limit customers in region , price of drink menu,in term of cost
2.
  name:each 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months
 desription: late dealine during operation
 possible impacts: design to building a store in each region have a high risk to be late, because the store design should be suitable with brand and Central region suppliers, in term of time
3.
  name:can not reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening for each store
 desriptioin:comptive with other coffee brand , in term of cost

request4:
1.HR team, marketing team,design and construct team
2,3.
task1:surveying and selecting premises
-responsibilities: marketing team

task2:analysis data after survey and select
-responsibilities:marketing team

task3:design drink menu base on analysis
-responsibilities: design and construct team

task4:design team comunicate with brand coffee to design
-responsibitlities: design and construct team

task5:design store in demo
-responsibilities: design and construct team

task6:desgin team comunicate with brand coffee to chosse material supply chain from Central region suppliers
-responsibilities: design and construct team

task7:building the store
-responsibilites: design and construct team

task8:training local personel
-responsibilites: HR team

task9:make the plan for opening event
-responsibilites:marketing team

task10:launching campaigns store
-responsibillites: marketing team




2)
