1)
Request1:

  Project name: Coi Cafe

  Purpose: To provide nostalgic place, traditional drink menu, sustainable business model to customer
using reuseable cups, purchasing coffee directly from DakLak farmers

  Project's scope: 
 + surveying and slecting premisis
 + designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand
 + recruiting and training local personnel
 + building a raw aterial supply chain from Central region suppliers
 + launching campaigns for each store
  
  Time: 12 months

  Cost: 8.5 billion VND
  
  Quality: Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening



Request2:

 5 main cost items:
   1. Designing and contructing interiors with the brand cost
    description: Cost of designing brand and contructing interior with the brand of the project
    estimation: 500 million VND (
    personal in charged: interior design team lead
   2. Building supply chain from Central region suppliers cost
     description: Cost for building supply chain
     estimation: 2 billion VND
     person in charged: PM Market Development Director
   3. Marketing project brand
     description: marketing brand of the project to customer.
     estimations: 1 billions VND
     personl in charged: marketing team lead
   4. Getting project worker cost
    description: getting people to work in the project 
     estimate: 1 billions VND 
    perosnal in charged: HR team lead
   5. Launching campaigns for each store 
     description: lauching campaigns for each store 
     estimate: 2 billions VND
     person in charged: Market Developmemt Director

Request3:
 3 Project risks:

   1. Not collect enough survey and selected premisis (scope)
      Description: too poor survey and selected premisis for the project
      Impact: Hard to execute the project when have little information
      Mitigation: Create a specific timeline and plans before surveying and slecting premisis
      Contigency: Expanding time in control to collecting enough survey while doing other works

   2. Bad designing and contructing interiors with the brand (Quality)
     Description: bad design team makes bad design with the brand
     Impact: affects the popularity of the project in negative way. leads to lack attention of people.
    Mitigation: choose the interior design team with high skill-based
    Contigency: get a professional designer to train and review result from the current design team

   3. The delay of launching campaigns for each store (time)
    Description: launching campaigns for each store happen late 
    Impact: bad effect to other continueous activities of the project
    Mitigation: Have early timeline and plan to execute the work early
    Contigency: Make emergent meet to have backup plans for it


Request 4:
 Project roles:
  
  PM, interior design team, HR team, marketing team
  
 Ten activities:
  collect survey and selected premisis ( MK team lead responsible)
  designing project brand ( design team lead responsible)
  recuiting and training peronnel ( HR team resposible)
  build supply chain (PM)
  launching campaigns (PM)  
   
 
 




 
2)
