1)
Request 1. Project Charter
1. Project name: The expand of Coi Cafe in traditional trend 
2. Project justification and purpose:
Coi Cafe established in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh city, focus on the nostalgic space, tradition drink menu, and Coi Cafe want to develop the brand awareness into 5 central provinces with 12 months. Additional, about 8 months after opening, each store must reach the break-event point
The reasons of implement an expansion project are develop the brand awareness, Ha Cafe want to bring for the customers have the best experiences in drinks taste and space to relax, comfortable. Secondly, Ha Cafe want to focus on sustainable, included in using reusable cups, purchasing coffee directly from Dak Lak Farmers
3. Project Frametime:
- Duration: 12 months (1 years)
4. Project constraints: 
5. Scope: Coi's management decided to implement an expandsion project into (Da Nang, Hue, quang Nam, Qunag Ngai and Binh Dinh)
6. Budget/ cost: 8.5 billion VND (approximately VND 1.7 billion/store). This project use the budget from equity and commercial bank loans.
7. Resource: the project is led by the Market Development Director as PM, coodinating with the interior deisgin team, HRTeam and marketing team.
8. Quality: 100% of raw materials for Dak Lak suppiers, although using reusable cups but Coi Cafe ensure about safety when customers are using, high-quality.
9. Sponsor/stakeholder: Market Development Director of Coi Cafe.
10. Timeline of project:
+ Phase 1: Initating and the researching the taste, cultural and market in 5 cities (January - for 1 month)
+ Phase 2: Building and Marketing penetration for brand (Feb to April - for 3 months)
+ Phase 3: Marketing and focus on drink taste, services and invest in spaces included develop the menu to diverse and design the cafe shop in tradition trend suitable for citizens (May to August - for 3 months)
+ Phase 4: Coi Cafe focus on design the various menu in 5 central citizen (from September to December - for 4 months)

Request 2. 
Item 1. Name: Building and designing the coffee shop
Desription: Not only create the various drinks for menu, we focus on design the space in traditional and nostalgic, included in: invest in the oldest items from 1945s to 2000s likes the oldest of telephone type or the computer in the 1945s
Budget: 4.0 billion VND(approximately VND 800 million/store) for the first generation, after have the revenue Coi Cafe will invest more the spaces
Estimate: the financing team with design team are estimate the cost of things based on the first budget 

Item 2. Name: Renting the places to establish the coffee shops.
Description: Not only focus on the famous cities, we have to concentrated on the crowded to attractive the custormer.
Budget: we use about 2.0 billion for renting the coffee shops (approximate 400 millions for each)
Estimate: Coi Cafe will be research and negotiating with that owner, consider for renting before to buy that places because during the first time, the budget do not enough to buy the big place, so the renting cost will be lower than the buying cost. A part of that, when we are rent the places to organise so we can consider to pay each month, or after 6 months.

Item 3. Name: Buying the raw materials for coffee. 
Desription: We prorities the coffee from Dak Lak Supplier and the reusable cups, so we can consider to have buy the materials with lowest prices
Budget: 500 millions in coffee and cups.
Estimate: The CEO of Coi Cafe will be negotiating with the suppliers in Dak Lak to pay later 90 days (3 months) and buying with the lowest prices. Because, at the first time, Coi Cafe will be invest the big amount of expenses for renting, design and resources to serve the customers so, we need to negotiating and choose the best suppliers. We based on the criteria: high-quality materials, cost, distribution and they can ensure provided for a long time.

Item 4. Name: The staff of coffee to serve the customer.
Budget: 1 billion (approximately 200 millions for each coffee shops)
Estimate: The HR team will be directly pay the salary for each staff, approximately about 25,000 VND/ 1 hour/staff. And Coi cafe will be estimate the growing salary for staff in 5% when they can achieve these criterias: hard-working, not late, positve in serve and full-time

Item 5. Name: The marketing within 12 months. 
Budget: 1 billion for 5 cities.
Estimate: The marketing team and design team coordinating with financing team to create the marketing plan for 12 months, they can adapt to use the social media, tiktok, KOLs, KOCs to adverstise the coffee at the first time, and after that time, invest in the social media and word-of-mouths to increase and attractive the new customers.
2)
Request 3.
Risk 1. The brand awereness will be weak. 
Description: Coi Cafe focus on advestising on social media and using KOLs, KOCs to adverstising. But if the videos on TikTok or Facebook, Instagram have only 200 viewers. So that prove the marketing on social media is not effective.
Impacts: Coi Cafe will not be attracted the new customers in 5 cities province, and we do not have enough money to pay for the places and flag store during of 5 months. 
Contigency: At the first month, we use the about 100 millions for adverstising , focus on the word-of-mouth, have some special discount for new customer. Building the fanpage on Tiktok and Facebook like video or livestream.

Risk 2. The materials will be instead if the suppliers do have enough coffee to provide. 
Description: Coi Cafe use the coffee material in only the that supplier, but when the supplier do not have enough to provided for store.
Impact: The new customer who want to have experience the drinks like as: "What are they special","the taste will be different with another brand". And when the customer who drink and preffer this taste of coffee. So when Coi Coffee change another the coffee supplier. So the taste is not the same at the first time they drink, we will lost the loyalty customer. 
Contigency: At the first time, CEO should meeting the supplier, choose supplier with the criterials: big farm, the material not be depend on the weathers, ensure the taste of coffee will be sustainable and safety, cost, time to pay money. Secondly, all of the cheif and staff included owners and stakeholder can try the taste before buying the material. At the first - second months, we spends about 50 million VND for each coffee shop and estimate the amount of people choose the type of coffee.

Risk 3. The amount of customer reduced by the design of coffee space. 
Description: A part of custormer choose the beautiful space, they can take photos during they drink coffee. If the space not change or do not have somthing to new.
Contigency: We should invest the space during that time and update games, photobox or menu in the coffee to atractive the new customers.

Request 4. 
1. Marketing managemmet: R, I - who will update the plan to attractive the new customer and how to keep the loyalty customer

2. Design managment. C, I - who will decided to design the space 

3. Financing managemnet - Accountable - who will be estimate combine with the Marketing and design team to pay the expense

