1)
Request 1:
1. Project name: Coi Cafe expansion
2. Justification: 
Purpose: This project to implement an expansion Coi Cafe in to 5 Central provices.
Reasons: Coi Cafe has 12 stores in Ha Noi and Ho Chi Minh City. The Coi's management want to make Coi Cafe more famous into 5 Central provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh)

3. Project constraints:
Scope: The project includes: surveying, selecting premises, designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand,  recruiting training local personnal, building a raw material supply chain from reagion suppliers. and lauching campaigns for each store

Cost/budget: The total budget is VND 8.5 billion (approximately VND 1.7 billion/store) from equity and commercial bank loans.

Time: winthin 12 months

Quality: Each store must reach the break - even point winthin 8 months after openning.

Request 2: 
Five main cost/buget items:
1. Permit and rental space
Description: Fees for permit and rental local spce for each store
Estimation: total VND 3 billion
How to estimate: bottom-up, each store spent VND 500 million, total of 5 stores is VND 3 billion)
Person in charged: Project manager

2. Designning and construting interiors
Description: This cost for buy materials for designing and constructing interiors such as poster, tables
Estimate: VND 350 million total
How to estimate: bottom-up, each store spent VND 70 million
Person in charged: Design Lead

3. Trainning staff
Description this cost for trainning the staff
Estimate: VND 200 million 
How to estimate: bottom-up, each store spent VND 40 million for trainning 8 staffs
Person in charged: Marketing lead

4. Contigency serve
Description: This is backup cost for unexpected problems such as rainning days, staff no-show, lost materials
Estimate: VND 2 billion 
How to estimate: Analognous, this cost based on the past project
Person in charged: Project manager
 
5. Promote and marketing
Description: This cost is use for promote on social media
Estimate: VND 1 billion
How to estimate: Analognous, based on the past project
Person in charged: Marketing Lead
2)
Request 3: 
1. Staff no - show:
Description: The staff may be absent by personal reasons
Impact: High, the store can not open on time so affter high on quality, time and cost
Relevant: 
Mitigation: Build the backup staff, and clear the schedule of staff
Contigency: The backup staff handle or PM can handle


2. Store not reach the break-even point
Description: The problem is some of store does not reach the target winthin 8 months after opening
Impace: hight 
Relevant: Afftect on the target each store must reach the break-even point
Migtigation: analytics at month 5, and add more money to make it fast
Contigency: 


3. Over budget
Description: The budget may be over winthin 12 months
Impact: High
Relevant: Affect on total budget of project
Mitigation: PM need to build to back up budget, and analytics every month to control it
Contigency: Analytics at the months 5 if the budget reach 6 billion, PM review and use the backup budget



Request 4: 
1. Three project role: 
 - Project manager: manage and assign tasks, set timeline, approve  and make important decisions, 
 - Marketing Lead: promote on social media, trainning staff, 
 - Design Lead: design and construct interios

2. 
1. Define scope and target  
2. Survey and select premises
3. Set up timeline
4. Choose the rental space
5. Design and construct interios
6. Trainning local personnel
7. Build raw material supply chain 
8. Promote on social media
9. Review the result
10. Lauching campaigns


3.

task 1: PM (A/R), ML (I), DL (I)
task 2: PM(I), ML(A/R), DL(I)
task 3: PM(A/R), ML(I), DL(I)
task 4: PM(A/R), ML(C), DL(I)
task 5: PM(I), ML(I), DL(A/R)
task 6: PM(I), ML(A/R), DL(I)
task 7: PM(A/R), ML(I), DL(I)
task 8 PM(C), ML(A/R), DL(I)
task 9: PM(A/R), ML(I), DL(I)
task 10: PM(A/R), ML(I), DL(I)






