1)
Request 1
 1. + Project name is Coi Cafe

  2. Purpose: the project implement an exxpansion into 5 Central provinces(Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh), with 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months

 3. + Scope:The project surveying and   selecting premises, dessigning and construngting interiors consisten with the barnd, recruiting and training local personcel, building a raw material supply chain  from Central region supplier, and launching campaigns for each storte
  + Cost VND 8.5 bilion
  +Time : 12 months
  +Quality: Each store reach the break-even point within 8 months after openning

Request 2
Five main cost is:
  1  +Name: Training local persone cost
     +Description: each store need employe, so the cost will pay for manage, make drink, take care drink qality.. 
  2  + Name : decore local store 
       +Description: to make customer have frenly with store, the store need to pay money to decore in local store like, light, chair, table.....
 3  +Name:design and constructing cost
      +Decription: to accept the request from Coi cafe, store need to design and constructing store and make it accept by brand
4  + Name: Building cost
     + Dectiption: the store need a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers, and launching campaigns for each store
5.  +Name: Traditional material cost
     +Description: the cost will pay for drink meterial, cups..in the store


Request 3: Three risks in project
 1. Name: Time inscre of store when reach the break-even point within 8 month after opening
    Description: time burnout will make store will make store have low qualilty at work
    posible impacts: high
    Mitigation: having plan and push time of each store at orgnization role and local role. 
    Contingency:reducing afew process not too importance at all project, pusing time at importace role, like leading project

2 . Name: The number of cuestomer can know project
   Description: At 5 central provinces, the number of customer come to store is the key to improve businiess.
    Posible impacts: low
    Mitigatio: having marketing plan at 5 central provinces. like open marketing zone on cocial(tiktok, facebook, instagram), 
    Contingency: raising more coupon, use marketing by drop paper, colap with KOL to marketing at central provincess

3. Name 
     
Request 4:
1 +Project Manager (PM)
   +Marketing Lead
   +Design Lead
2  10  task
    - Survey market at 5 Central Provinces
    - Planing for Marketing team
    - Found famus cocial for maketing team
     - Conneting with KOL for marketing 
     - Survey structure of bulding at 5 central procinces
     - Found  matrial desgin for each store
     - Plaining decore at store
      -Trainning local personnel
      - Surveying and selcting premises 
      - Decore at each store 
3 
  + Survey market at 5 Central Provinces (PM)
      desciption: to know each Central province having difference market, to chosse good plan for each store
  + Plaing for Marketing team (Marketing lead)
  +Found Famus cocial for marketing team( Marketing lead)
  + Connecting with KOL for maketing(Marketing Lead)
  +Survey structure of buling at 5 Central Provinces(Design lead)
  +Found material design for each store(Design lead)
  +Plaing decore at store(Design Lead)
 + Traning local personnel(PM)
 +Surveying and lelecting premieses(PM)
 +Decore at each store(Decore lead)
   

 
2)
