1)
Request 1 
Project name: Coi Cafe Vietnam
Justification: 
Purpose: Open a chain of a coffe store in 5 provinces with fully functional for training and running for Coi Cafe Vietnam.
Reasons: Extend the store into 5 provinces 
Success Criteria: Achieving target within a specific timeframe:
(1) The Coi's management decided to implement an expansion project into 5 Central provinces with in 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months.
(2) The project is completed within client's approved budget VND 8.5 billion.
(3)The project must achieve successfully open in 5 provinces 
(4) Each store mush reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening.

Request 2

Cost 1: Team Salary
Description: Payment for all team members working on the project.
Estimation: VND 400 milion 
Way to estimate & Person in charge: Bottom - up method ( Calculate by multiplying average monthly salary by the number of working months). Handled by Project Manager

Cost 2: Services  
Description: Cost to rent or buy neccessary workspace, campaigns for the project.
Estimation: VND 500 milion
Way to estimate & Person in charge: Analogous method ( Based on the real cost of similar past projects). Handled by Project Manager

Cost 3: Equipment 
Description: Buying physical items need to do the work like, funiture, reusable cups, cofffee.
Estimation: VND 500 milion
Way to estimate & person in charge: Parametric method ( Price of one item multiplied by the total number of items needed). Handled by HR teams. 

Cost 4: Marketing and Training
Description: Cost for running ads to finds customers, and basic training for the employer in stores.
Estimation: VND 100 milion
Way to estimate & Person in charge: Expert Judgment ( Asking experts to guess the cost based on the marketing plan). Handled by the marketing team

Cost 5: Contingency Reserve 
Description: Extra backup money saved for unexpected risks, problems, or changes. 
Estimation: VND 200 milion 
Way to estimate & Person in charge: Percentage method ( Calculated as 10% of the total project budget). Handled by Project Manager
2)
Request 3: 

Return campaigns
Descriptions: The owner want to get back the campaigns for their own buisiness.
Possible impacts: High
Mitigation: Talk to the owner to fit hiring the campaigns till HR can find another places
Contigency: Make a document to ensure that the campaigns can not be return before the return time

Out of coffee
Description: With bad weather, the coffee may be can not have enogh for the store
Possible impacts: High
Mitigation: Imediately contact to another farm with the same quality coffee and fill the missing 
Contigency: Buying more than requirement coffee to store it in stores or have a supportive farm 

Bad jugdement
Description: Bad jugdement from the customer in service and have bad description on app 
Possible impacts: Medium
Mitigation: Have a appologize to customer and have a gift or discount for next service
Contigency: Always make sure the servicing in good condition, with unexpected situation, need to contact to the store managers or higher position. 

Request 4: 
Project roles: Project manager (PM), HR, BA, Designer, store manager (SM), marketer, store employee (SE) .
1. Gather User Requirements: PM (I), BA (R,A).
2. Surveying and selecting premises: Marketer (R, A), PM (C), BA (C).
3. Rebranding and designing: PM (C), BA (C), Designer (R,A) .
4. Recruits employee: HR (R,A), PM ( C )
5. Training the store employee: SM (R,A)
6. Contact to the third person: BA (R, A), PM ( C )
7 Lauching campaigns: PM(R, A), HR ( I ), BA ( I ) 
8. Prepare project Status Report: PM (R,A), BA(I)
9. Advertising store: Marketer (R,A)
10. Run the store: SM (R,A), SE ( R ) 