1)
Request 1
Project name: Coi Cafe For Toward Vietnamese Coffee Brand.
Justifications: The project want to help Vietnamese Coffee indetity reconigition with everyone live in Vietnam. Such as, build project in 12 stores in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City. 
The project pure Vietnamese coffee brand with 12 stores in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City, Coi's management decided to implement an expansion project into 5 Cetral provinces with 1 flagship store in each  province within 12 month. Buid a raw material supplyy chain from Central region suppliers, and launching campaigns for each store. The Project have the Market Development Director as PM, coordinating with the interior design team, HR team, and marketing team. With total budget iis VND 8.5 billion from equity and commercial bank loans Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months affer opening.

Request 2
Th project want sucess, it make have  a campaign and 
2)
Request 3
Three project risks can effect to Project:

The first is budget, if project play to long, will effect to over budget of project. That it, project will have broken potential. Such as, no have money pay design, production, promotion,... .Therefore, budget will is the first project risk.

The second is quality, discrease of quality went no hope of stakeholdel attent, Beside, will affect to reputation of brand

The third is time, if time of the project too long, that project will does boring with peoples attent and low interaction project

Request 4
The project have three roles is Project managerment, Developer project and Production.

Start with project we will reseach and make form wtth Google, Google Scholar, Project management will control and total content we make, and share task give member. Project manegement, will responsibilities about management and accountant of project. Beside, is budget anh call sponser of project. Developer project, they will responsibilities created content (Before, In, After) of the project. that role will draw plan of project and applied it give project. Production is finaly role, Because, Production will reponsibilities is createde content of social of project, such as, Facebook, Tiktok, ... . They will make recap, edit, ... of project.
All roles is important. Because, The project want to sucess, it have this roles will make lot of job. But a project have everything that, therefore, it created sucess project.
