1)
Request 1: Project Charter
- Project name: Coi Cafe expansion into 5 Central provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh) 
- Justifications: 
+ surveying and selecting premises
+ designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand
+ recruiting and training local personel; building a raw material supply chain form Central region suppliers; launching campaigns for each store
-project constraints: 
in terms of scope: each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening
time: 1 flagship store in each provinces within 12 months
cost: the total budget is VND 8.5 billion (approximately VND 1.7 billion/ store)
quality: to  ensure consistent with the brand, give the customer good quality and accquire the break- even point within 8 months after opening


2)
-request 2
1.marketing and user accquision cost
description: social media campagins, influencer collaboration, and promotional activities to attract users
estimate: plan marketing channels, cost per click (cpc) and target user accquisition number
cost: VND 5.000.000 for each store
person in charged: marketing lead

2. maintenance cost:
description: including the fees maintain such as: fix product or small  infrastructure, break or loss product or materials,.
estimate: as minimal operational cost using 
cost: VND 5.000.000 for each store
personal in charged: project manager

3. training staff cost
description: including training system forr internal staff, content management, to ensure smooth project
estimate: shorten training 1-2 weeks conducted by internal experts, including materials and basic training
cost: VND 6.000.000 for each store
personal in charged: Project Manager, HR lead

4. inititial like restructure cost
description: buy the materials such as tables, charts, decorating around the store, redesign for the store how to fix the customer' habits
estimate: start before 3 months the store grand opening
cost: VND 300.000.000
personal in charged: Project Manager

5. Lease or Hirer land cost
description: hirer this postition which is center of these city. to ensure effiency place to customer come here. 
estimate: the land have the large- yard and near by the large store
cost: VND 25.000.000store - 35.000,000 / month/ each 

Request 3:  risks:
1. content of social media not viral
description: up load the video/ post but not attrac more viewer
impact:medium
mitigation: give the post for  marketing lead before posting/ apply multiple step contant review
contingency: find out the competitor, the ways that they can acchieve high views in social media. Know that the target customer to give the suitable contents with them.

2. achieving low customer
description: customer dont have information about the store or customer just go 1 time and not comeback
impact: high
mitigation: give the promotion buy 1 get 1 to attract user 
contingency: finding out real reason why customer not comback (drink menu, asmostphere, staff attitude,.) and give suitable strategy (adjust menu,.)
3. low start review/ feedback by customer 
description: customers are not feel happy and have a bad expierences  because the drink not tasty or bad attitude of staff  
impact: high
mitigation: test the drink before give customer or manager observe clearly and give the sorry or invite other a drink for customer
contingency: ask about the expierence of customer before they go out the store. Training staff stricly such as attitude,. 

Request 4:
1. project roles:
project manager: PM
marketing team: MT
HR team: HT
design team: DT

2. ten activities:
A. designing the store
B. building fanpage, account in social media
C. writing the content to attract customers
D. giving the strategy to increase revenue
E. purchasing materials like coffee,.
F. Hirer land for opening the store
G. buiding a raw material supply chain 
H. training the staff
I. designing menu drink 
J. survey customer, place,. after opening the store

3. List out the responsibilities
A. R: DT ; A: PM ; C: MK; I: HT
B. R: MT; A: PM:  C: HT; I: DT
C. R. MK; A: PM :  C ; HT;  I: DT
D. R: PM; A: PM ; C: MT; HT  I: DT
E. R: PM; A: HT; C: MT; I: DT
F. R: DT; A: PM; C: HT;  I: DT
G. R: MT; A: PM; C: DT; I: HT
H. R: HT; A: PM; C: MK; I: DT
I. R:DT; A: PM ;  C: MK ; I: HT
J. R: MT; A: PM; C: DT; I: HT
