1)
Request 1:
1. Project name: Coi Cafe
2. Justifications
Famous for its nostalgic space, traditional drink meny, and sustainale business model(using reusable cups, purchasing coffee directly from Dak Lak). Coi's management decided to implement an expansion project into 5 Central provinces(Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh), with 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months.
3. Project constraints
In terms of scope: Implement an expansion project into 5 Central provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh).
Time: 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months.
Budget: The total budget is VND 8.5 bilion(approximately VND 1.7 billion/store) from equity and commercial bank loans.
Quality: The project includes: surveying and selecting premises, designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personnel, building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers, and launching campaigns for each store.

Request 2:
1. Surveying
Desciption: Surveying and selecting premises
Estimatiton: VND 1 billion
Method: access preses goverment
Responsible: Project manager
2.Designing
Description: Designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand
Estimation: VND 1 billon
Method: Fixed price
Responsible: Designer
3. Backup Budget
Description: for unexpective problems
Estimation: VND 2 billion
Method: 5-10% total cost
Responsible: Project manager
4. Market Development Director
Description:Coordinating with the interior design team, HR team, and marketing team.
Estimation: VND 3.5 billion
Method: Hourly rate * working hours
Responsible: Project manager
5. Recruiting
Description: recruiting adn training local personel
Estimation: VND 1 billion
Method: train staff
Responsible: Project manager
2)
Request 3:
Risk 1: The new store is flop and low 
Description: poor customer services, bad brand image
Probability: medium
Impact: high
Mitigration: do more marketing 
Contingency: use more buget for marketing team
Risk 2: Quality is less
Description: When expansion more project into more place in VietName or expansion more menu
Probability: low
Impact: medium
Mitigration: check quality and product daily
Contingency: give discount
Risk 3: Customer not happy
Description: Customer not happy
Probability: medium
Impact: high
Mitigration: Train staff
Contingency: Refund money

Request 4:
1. Three project role:
Project manager: make sure the handing execution for the project

Design led: buiding the store and disign contructor of the store

Marketing director: take the responsible for the numbe of new store, and marketing stragegy.

2.List out at least ten tasks, activities, or deliverables
1. Surveying and selecting premises
2. Store desgin
3. Recult staff
4. Train staff
5. Open the material suppy chain
6. Take the list of the stragegy
7. Montor store
8. Open new stores
9. Track store performence

