1)
Request 1: 

1. Project name: Expansion Coi Cafe branding for new markets in one year.

2. Justifications:

Nowadays, not only Vietnamese people but also forgein tourists get trend to use coffee in the morning, and this habbit more and more join in young generation too. Dak Lak coffee is a quality coffee, has very good smell and unique favor, drink this coffee geting more benefits such as lose weight, reducing amount calories into body. Therefore, Coi Cafe want to give Dak Lak coffee to more target customers, new markets specifily into 5 Central provinces with 1 flagship to create brand awareness and Dak Lak coffee to new target customers.

Many people have known about Dak Lak coffee, but they do not know why its famousso  Coi Cafe decide expand brand to more cities for serving this coffee to more poteintal customers, give unique flavor of Dak Lak to people who love coffee and get more market share in Vietnamese coffee market. 

3. Project constraints
Scope: This project include surveying, selecting premises, making the design and construct interiors consistent, recruiting and training local person to easy define markets, understand people in this location, building raw supply chain and lauching campaign suitable stores in each city.

Time:Time is limited strictly to 12 months to complete research market,prepare all necessary things to brand, building supply chain and lauching campaingn in within 12 months to achive all tasks by the project planning.

Cost: The total budget is VND 8.5 billion (approximately VND 1.7 billion/store) mean while budget for 5 store in 5 cities from equity and commercial bank loans,

Quality: The Market Development Director as PM with design team, HR team and marketing team base on the total budget work together to every stores after opening reach the break-even point in limited 8 months. Each store get over 85% the customer satisfaction, give right uqine flavor of Dak Lak coffee and Coi Cafe brand awareness, image to local customers. 

Request 2:

Human resources to surveying and selection premises
Use modern tools to take the detail information aboout population and the amount of other people come to this location. 3-4 People from market development and marketing team take insight from real people ( both local people and tourists) in limited time: 5 days. Team 4 with VND 200 thousand per person a day and VND 2 milion for tools, get budget nearby VND 6 million) for 1 location (Da Nang). All 5 stores means the budget nearby VND 30 million.

Design and constructing interiors consistent Coi Cafe brand: Using analogous way, similar stores in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh, get core design map and change a litte bit to suitable to the location and get the third parties to build the stores. The budget nearby VND 300 million for design map, raw materials and humance resource from third parties, 5 store come to 1.5 billion.    

Process recruiting and training worker for each store: Using analogous way, Coi Cafe brand have prive recruiting and training apply for all stores to show clear image of their brand. The budget nearby VND 50 million per store mean up to VND 250 million for all the projetc in this case 

Place permision store: Using pramative of other store in a specific locations. 5 stores can have different price so the total budget of all store can up to VND 850 million in 12 months. 

Moving and keeping coffee production: Transpotation and Material for keeping the coffee product for 12 months not fix and it can be change base on many reasons, best for moving. Up to VND 500 million because keeping coffee use fixed material but transportation is not it, time and cost not fixed and earn most of this budget.



2)
Request 3:

The project risk 1: The poor in magament in the project
Impact: High
Possible happen: medium
Possible impacts: each team can do best in their works but if Project Manager is Market development director can not match all tasks suitable can lead the project fail, the reasons can be PM do not join in other works such as marketing or design. For example, the Store can be designed really beautiful but target customers are the one who love drinking coffee in the simple store give them relax feeling.

Therefore in all process, PM should work with all leader from other teams to get the most suitable project plan and give the others peers.
Time, cost and quality can minimize bad effect.

The project risk 2: Overcost during the project
Impact: medium
Possible happe: medium
This project have many diffirent teams and works so that the risk of overcost easy to happen, marketing team who get the last work can be get not enough budget for their work. Time, cost, scope can be increase while quality go down

Therefore, PM has to works with all leaders from other teams have to seperate buget to each team before starting the project, and take about 10% of the total budget for the emergency situations.

The project risk 3: The problem from the location
Impact: Medium
Possible happen: Hard 

5 Central provinces all are good city attract many tourists so the problems that effect the project have abilities happen very low. Athough if the problem happen like bad weather that make the time, cost and quality effect but other competitors will be impacted too, so the project can have new opportinites to establish market and customers.

PM and all leaders have to get other plan for their teams if the time or cost is impacts and flexibile follow the information in each locations.

 

 