1)
1.Develop a narrative charter statement..
-Project name: Coi Cafe Project

-Detailed deciption: Coi Cafe is a pure vienamese coffee brand with 12 stores in HaNoi and Ho Chi Minh City, famous for its nostalgic space, traditional drink menu, and sustainable business model (using reusable cups, purchasing coffee directly from Dak Lak farmers).

-Purpose: Cois's managemenat decided to implement an expansiion project into 5 central province within 12 months.

-Reasons: They want to make coffee store regular and popular to all people in Viet Nam.

-Constraints:
+ Scope: Surveying and selecting premises, designing and constrcting interiors consitent with the brand, recruiting and traning local personnel, building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers, and launching campains for each store.  
+Time: 12 months
+ Cost/Budget::  VND 8.5 billion (approximately VND 1.7 billion/store)
+  Quality: Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening.

2.Main cost:/budget for 1 store activity.
2.1:Name: Purchasing material supply 
Decriptions:The store can buy supply from farmer to make store activity.
Estimate: Staff/ Manager need go to Dak Lak to purcharsing supply.

2.2: Name: Make design brand of store. 
Decriptions: Design and constructing interiors consitent with the brand, to show guest know your brand.
Estimate: Manager contact to degisner  to design brand.

2.3 Name: Rent place
Decriptions: Rent house to open store.
Estimate: Manager find good place to rent.

2.4 Name: Make marketing
Decription: Make store famous and people know about brand.
Estimate: Sttaff will promote make discount sale and ADS.

2.5. Name: Rent staff 
Decription: the cost use to rent staff to activity store.
Estimate: Store will post find the staff for work in store.
2)
3. Risks of project 
3.1: Name: Delivery supply
Deciptions: The cost when delivery supply far to expensive.
Impact:
+ Scope: The resourse for each store with price is different.
+ Time:12 months
+ Cost:: 100 millions
Mitigation: Find the supply with resourse near store.
Contingency: Can change the supply with same type.

3.2 Name: The place high
Deciptions: With place rent to high can not cover salary of store.
Impact
+ Scope: Find the place to rent house active store.
+Time:12 months
+ Cost: 1 billions / store
Mitigation: Find good place crowded.
Contingency: Make rent long time.

3.3 Name: rent Staff
Decription: Staff work for each store can not work long time
Impact:
+Scope: staff salary
+ Time: 12 months
+ Cost:: 400 millions
Mitigation: The staff active in sore
Contigency: find more staff with good deal.

4. Project role:
4.1:
- PM (Project Manager)
- HR
- Marketing
4.2: 
A. Init planing
B. Survey project
C. Find resource
D. Contact with farmer
E. Deal good price
F. Find Place
G. Maketing 
H. Find staff
J. Fund / Loans
K. Identify Customer