1)
REQUEST 1

Project Name: Coi Cafe Central Region Expansion Project

Justifications:

Mission: Expand to 5 provinces in the central of Thailand with 1 flagship store in each province to increase brand presence nationwide.

We are looking to capitalize on the trend of sustainable coffee products, expand our revenue streams and, to counter saturation in existing markets in Hanoi and HCMC, diversify into further operating locations.

Project Constraints:

This scope is limited to Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai and Binh Dinh. The scope of work includes conducting a site assessment, construction of brand appropriate interiors, on local labor hiring practices, on a localized supply chain and creating and executing a local marketing plan.

Our collaborative approach requires completion of the full project within 12 months. Importantly, each individual store must reach break-even within 8 months.

Cost/Budget: Restricted to VND 8.5 billion (approx. $200,000) for the entire project. Financing is via a combinatoin of owner’s capital and commercial bank loans. Approximately VND 1.7 billion/store.

Consistency with brand identity : Maintaining a quaint space and original third layer drink quality using 100% Dak Lak green coffee beans. Sustainability: using reusable cups and sustainable materials, sourcing products from Dak Lak.

REQUEST 2 (20%)

Premise Survey & Site Selection

This investmt covrs travel costs, market analysis and legal deposits to ensure solid foothollng in 5 flagship locations.

Estimation: VND 250,000,000

Method to estimate: Analouhs estimatiingr basd on actual costs for the previous 12 stores. Person responsible to develop estimate: PM (Market Development Director).

Construction & Design

My profoliio ranges from detailed architectturf drawngs, to smaller interior renovatinos, to an enthusiatsic and careful installation of all the Nostalgai Styling props that fit your brand.

Estimation: VND 4,500,000,000

Way to estimate: cost per square meter based on contractor quotes. Person in charge: Interior Design Team.

Marketing & Branding Campaign

This template contains web pages to advertise the grand opening of your Chinese restaurant, run a local campaign of tweets and Facebook posts using a provincial approach, and create promotional flyers.

Estimation: VND 1,000,000,000

Way to estimate: Bottom-up estimating, i.e. estimating individual activity costs, e.g. for a product launch, price campaign, promotional mailing etc. Person in charge: Marketing Team.

Recruitment & Training

We're having a huge hiring frenzy and could use someone to help create job postings, design materials for new hire packets, and help lead training sessions for our local baristas and service staff.

Estimation: VND 500,000,000

Way to estimate: Three-point estimating (optimistic, most likely, pessimistic) based on local labour market rates. Person in charge: HR Team.

Inventory & Supply Chain Setup

We are starting to procure the initial stock of coffee beans, reusable cups and will start setting up the supplier logistics from the Central region.

Estimation: VND 2,250,000,000

Way to estimate: Vednr bid analysis provided by our current regionla vendors as well as new potential regional suppliers. Person in charge: PM / Supply Chain Lead.

REQUEST 3

Risk 1: Construction Delays

Renovations at our are taking longer than expected due to adverse weather in the Central region.

Possible Impact: This could put the project beyond the 12 month time frame, increase contractors costs considerably and delay any return on investment.

Remedies: Ensure local contractors engaged are top quanility and undertake references. Incorportae severe penalties for delays into contracts.

Contingency: Fast tracking the project schedule by incorporg overtime and second shift construction work to get the project back on schedule.

Risk 2: Supply Chain Disruption

Lack of a consistent route for bringing Dak Lak coffee raw materials to the new Central locations.

Possible Impact: Quality of product (flavor) may be affected negatively and costs of company may be increased due to expedited freight.

Mitigation: Identify and sign letter of intent agreement with back-up regional logistics providers prior to award of contract.

Contingency: In the interim, supplies could be chaneled through existing stock located in HCMC or Hanoi warehouses until local delivery systems are restored.

Risk 3: Underperforming Sales Post-Launch

Our new flagship stores are no attracting sufficient local custom to support their financial targets.

Possible Impact: This Title will probnbly not reach Break-Even in 8 months which will negatively impact Budget.

We recommend conducting extensivee local market researchh among local residents prior to opening. 

REQUEST 4

Roles defined:

PM: Project Manager (Market Development Director)

IDT: Interoir Design Team

HRT: Human Resources Team

MKT: Marketing Team

Task mappping (Format: Task -> Role (Responsibility)):

Site selection -> Project Management (PM) - Architectural Design (A, R) - ID and Concept Design (C) - Home planning and remodeling (HRT) - Kitchen planning (MKT)

Lease contract negotiation -> PM (A, R) - IDT (I) - HRT (I) - MKT (I)

We specialiezd in store layout and 3D design. As a result, the project flowed thruogh PM (Account Supervisor) - IDT (Art Director) - HRT (Copywriter) - MKT (Traffic Manager). The letters stand for first names. C is for Chris, the Traffic Manager.

Design and construction execution of interoirs -> Project Manager (A) - Internal Design Team (R) - Healthy Retail (I) - Marketing (I)

Local supply chain -> PM (A, R) - IDT (I) - HRT (I) - MKT (I)

Local staff training -> PM (A) - IDT (I) - HRT (R) - MKT (I)

Barista & service training -> PM (A), IDT (I), HRT (R), MKT (I)

Pre-launch marketing planning → PM (A) - IDT (I) - HRT (I) - MKT (R)

Complete executoin of Store Grand Opening in PM (A), IDT (I), HRT (C), MKT (R).

PB Bea Break-even - PM (A, R) - IDT (I) - HRT (I) - MKT (I)
2)
