1)
Request1: 
1. Project Name: Coi Cafe implement and expansion project into 5 Central provinces
2. Purpose: This project aims to expand Coi Cafe into some key several Central provinces in Viet Nam. This project help this brand to attract more customers who want to try some traditional drink and pure Vietnamese coffee from Dak Lak or try coffee at nostalgic coffee store. friendly with envir
3. - Scope: This project decided to expand into 5 Central provinces like Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Binh, Binh Dinh. With each province have 1 flagship store. 
- Time: This project must be complete within 12 months
From June/2026 to May/2027
- Cost/Budget: Total budget is VND 8.5 billion (approximately VND 1.7 billion per store) from equity and commercial bank loans
- Quality:- Coi Cafe must be opening at 5 Cental provinces and have at least 1 flagship store at each provinces
- Total budget to implement this project must be under VND 8.5 billion
- Success building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers, reduce cost for delivery raw coffee from Dak Lak.
- Launching campagin for each store: each place have some diffferent culture, history and personal habits. Building the story for Coi Cafe fits with each natural culture.
- Recruiting and training local resource to save cost.

Request 2: 
1. Design and constructing flagship store consistent with the brand
- Information: Coi Cafe store have the style of nostalgic space, use traditional drink menu, sustainable busines model and use coffee directly from Dak Lak. Moreover Coi cafe could build the store connect with each provinces cultural.
- Approximately VND 1.7 billion/ store
2. Expense for recruiting and training local person
- Training local personnel, use the already the resources at this provinces to save money for project
- Approximately 50 million per store in total 1.7 billion for each store
Wages for one staff at store is VND 20 thoundsand per hours and added more when they have a good performance
3. Launching campaign for each store
- Run the campagin for introduce each store, design the coming soon banner for each store and introduce at the place the store will open. Run marketing plan on social media (Facebook, TikTok, Instragram,..) 
- Estimately around 200 million per store in total 1.7 billion for each store
4. Building a raw material supply chain
Find and connect with Central region suppliers to easy to buy Dak Lak coffee beans. Save cost for delivey material form Dak Lak
- Approximately 500 million per store in total 1.7 billion for each store  
5. Surveying and selecting premises
- Collect the data and survey off target customers at each provinces to know more there habits, favorite favor of each customers at each place. Which way/ type of they want to drink, favor, price, space at store,..
- Estimately around 100 million per store in total 1.7 billion for each store





2)
Request 3:
1. Over budget to build flagship store in each provinces ( Cost)
Possibility: Medium. 
Impact: High
Some store at Da Nang, Hue can be over budget when building a flageship at these place, because there is a famous city, a financial cental city so that the cost of raw material to buil store or the cost of coffee at these place can higher than other place, and the expense the rent store could higher because the house pricing much higher

Mitigation: Find the other suppliers for the price of coffee beans cheaper
List of all suppliers at this provinces to have more choices

Contigency: Sign a long term contract 5 to 10 years when rent the store at Da Nang or Hue, could reduce the price or get the discount from the owners. And long term contract with potential suppliers.
- Planned and list all the cost need to spend
2. Cannot reach the break-even point within 8 months ( Time)
Possibility: High
Impact: High
May be some store cannot reach the target customers, or person at this place do not have the habits to drink coffee, they like tea or juice so that the time to reach the break-event point need more time than  8 months 
Mitigation: Cuts some cost do not need in each stage, save money and plan all cost apply for project
Contingency: - Survey and clollect customers data to know what they want to use

3. Cannot meet the requirement at design and construct interiors consistent with brand (Quality)
Young customers nowadays like the coffee store more morden, luxury or have more place for checkin. Coi Cafe is famous with nostalgic space so that cannot meet the young customers. And at each provinces have the different cultural, style and habits 
Possibility: Low 
Impact: Medium 
Mitigation: Check and follow each stage when bulding the store
Contigency: - Building exactly with the decoration report
 - Use and apply for all store the same style, reusalbe cups, 

Request 4:
1. Market Development Director -  PM
2. Coi Cafe brand - Sponsor
3. Interior design team - internal
4. HR team - internal
5. Marketing team - internal
6. Dak Lak farmers - Parters/ Suppliers
7. Customers
8. Project team

10 Task/ activities/ deliverables
- Finding the place to rent store place
R: project team
A: maret develop director
C: Design team
I: Coi Cafe brand owner
- Check price renting and negotiate a good costs
R: project team
A: PM
C: project team
I: Sponsor
- survey and selecting premises
R: project team
A: PM
C: marketing team
I: PM
- Design and constructing store
R: Design team
A: Design team leader
C: PM
I: Sponsor
- Design the drink menu
R: design team
A: design team leader
C: project team
I: PM
- Buy assets for store (cups, spoon, box, chair, table, machine,..)
- Recruiting and training staff
R: HR team
A: HR team leader
C: project team
I: PM
- Planned and list all the suppliers at each Cental provinces
R: project team
A: project team leader
C; HR team
I:PM
- Lauching marketing campaign for each store
R: Marketing team
A: Marketing team leader
C: Project team
I: PM
- Building a raw material supply chain
R: project team
A: project team leader
C: PM
I: sponsor
- Check the quality of coffee beans, other raw material at store
R: PM
A: projecgtteam leader
C: project team 
I: PM
