1)
Request 1:
1. Coi Cafe

2. Reason: Pure Vietnamese coffee brand with 12 store in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City
    Purpose: Famous for its nostalgic sapce, traditional drink menu, and sustainable business model ( Using reuable cups, purchasing coffee directly from Dak Lak farmers)

3. Scope: Coi's management decied to implement ax expansion project into 5 Central provinces ( Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh)
     Time: 1 flaship store in each province within 12 months
     Cost/ Budget: The total budget is VND 8.5 billion ( approximately VND 1.7 billion/ store from equity and commercial bank loans
     Quality: The project includes: serveying  and selecting premises, desgning and contructing interiors consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personnel, building a raw meterial supply chain form Central region supplies, and launching campains for each store. And each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening



Request 2:
Five main cost/ budget:
1. Staff cost
Description: Money to pay the project team members
Estimation: VND 2 billion
Way to estimation: VND 10 million per person x 200 persons
Person in charged: Project Manager (PM)

2. Marketing cost
Description: Money to buy social media ads to get more customers
Estimation: VND 250 million
Way to estimation: Based on TikTok/ Facebook/ Youtube ad prices
Person in charged: Marketing lead

3. Contingency fund
Description: Extra prices for unexpected problems during the project
Estimation: VND 850 million
Way to estimation: 10% to total budget
Person in charged: Project Manager (PM)

4 Administrative fees
Description: Legal permiss and office fees
Estimation: VND 400 million
Way to estimation: Fixed price from the local office or providers
Person in charged: Project Manager (PM)

5 Build the store
Description: Money to build coffee store
Estimation: VND 5 billion
Way to estimation: VND 1 billion/ strore x 5 store
Person in charged: Project Manager (PM)

=> total budget: VND 8.5 billion

2)
Request 3: 
Three project risks:
1. Budget overrun
Description: The cost higher than budget
Impacts: Not enough price for the project
Response:
       Mitigation: Compare items before buying
       Contingency: Reallocate fund form Marketing 

2. Schedule delay
Description: Tasks take loger than planned
Impacts: Miss the project deadline
Response:
       Mitigation: Track progress every day
       Contingency: Ask the employee to work overtime

3. Items issues
Description: Items break down
Impacts: Waste time and increase cost
Response:
       Mitigation: Check all items before use
       Contingency: Prepare backup items


Request 4:
1. Three project role:
Project Manage (PM): manages the whole project, timeline and budet
Marketing (M) : responsible for promotion and reaching the customers
Design Lead (DL): responsible for disign store

2. RACI ( R: Responsible, A: Accountable, C: Consulted, I: Informed)

Define goals: PM(A), M(R), DL(C)
Market research: PM(A), M(R)
Survery: PM(A), M(R)
Store design: PM(A), DL(R)
Build the project: PM(A), DL(R)
Check quality and progress: PM(A), DL(R) 
Final project review: PM(R/ A), M(C), DL(C)
Run markering campaigns: PM(A), M(R)
Track project KPIs: PM(A), M(R)
Project closing: PM(R), DL(I), M(I)