1)
Request 1
1. Project name: Expansion project for Coi Cafe.
2. Justification: The purpose of this this project is to implement an expansion Coi Cafe into 5 Central provinces ( Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh). 
3. 
- Project constraints: Total budget form equity and commercial bank loans
- Scope: Expansion into 5 Central provinces
- Time: 1 flagship store in each province with 12 months.
- Cost: The total budget is VND 8.5 billion ( approximately VND 1.7 billion/store).
- Quality: Each store must reach the break-even point with 8 months after opening.

Request 2
Budget item 1
Name: Surveying and selecting premises
Description: Conduct market research to get more information about 5 Central province
How to estimate: Base on the expertise method
Who charged: PM

Budget item 2:
Name: Marketing cost
Description: Conduct marketing strategy ( run ads on social media network ) for each store
How to estimate:  Parametric method
Who charged: Marketing team

Budget item 3:
Name: Disigning and constructing cost
Desciption: Designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand
How to estimate:  Parametric method
Who charged: Disign team

Budget item 4:
Name: Labor cost
Description: Recruiting and training local personnel
How to estimate: Bottom-up method
Who charged: HR Team

Budget item 5:
Name: Building a raw material cost
Desciption: Building a raw material supply chain form Central region suppliers 
How to estimate: Anologous method ( similar project)
Who charged: PM


2)
Request 3
Risk 1: 
Name: Do not have enough budget( cost)
Desription:  During implement this project, may some cost are added but these cost not planned before, which lead to do not have enough budget to continue run this project.
Possibilily: High
Impact: High
Mitigation plan: Alway check and undate budget plan 
Continggency: Cut down costs that not relevant to the project

Risk 2:
Name: Behind deadline ( time )
Desciption: Cannot meet the deadline on time because do not have enough resource but more task to do
Possiblily: Medium
Impact: High
Mitigation plan: Consider what task need to do first and spend more time to do the important task. Also leader each team need to assign the clarity task
Contingency: Out sourcing some task that cannot handle

Risk 3:
Name: Poor managemnt ( Quality )
Desciption: PM do not have managemnet project skill, which lead to conflict 
Possibility: Medium
Impact: High
Mitigation: Provide the document about how to become a good Project Management. Also, create condition for PM to join the workshop 
Contingency: Find the person as a sub-PM to support and handle task.

Request 4: 
1 Four project roles:
PM: Project Management
BA: Business Analyst
MS: Marketing Strategy
HR: Human Resource

2. Ten activities
Create content 
Disgn brand
Financial analysis
Collect survey
Analysis data
Financial report
Marketing plan
Business plan
Maketing report
Coordinating with partner 
Recruiting employee
Training employee

3. Responsibilities of the project roles
Create content: PM:A; MS:R
Disign brand: PM:A; MS: R
Financial analysis: PM: A; BA: R
Collect survey: BA: R
Analysis data: PM: A; BA: R
Financial report: PM:R; BA: I
Marketing plan: MS:R; BA:C
Business plan: PM:A; BA:R; MS:C
Marketing report: PM:A; MS:R
Coordinating with partner: PM:R/A
Rescruiting employee: HR:R/A
Training employee: HR:R/A











