1)
request 1:
project name:
"coi cafe" opened flagship store
project justification:
"coi cafe" as know as a famous cafe store where is focus to nostalgic space. with the potencal by  purchasing coffee directly from  dak lak faemers, "coi cafe" have a ability to open there bussiness by etablish a flagships store. 
choosing open 1 flagship store in 5 central provinces (da nang, hue, quang nam, binh dinh) will make the brand bring more benefit and financial. 
project constraints:
in terms of scope:
this project covered surveying and trainning local personnel, building a raw material supply chain from central region suppliers, and launching campaigns for each store. 
time:
duration: 12 moths 
including from itiniation to closing the project. 
cost/bugget:
the total bugget is vnd 8.5 billion with each store approcimately vnd 1.7 billion. 
quality:
after launch, project need to improve the brand awaness about flagships store, and react the target in project.
each flagships store need to react a number of customer, consumer. 
request 2:
five main cost bugget item:
1 locational and running store cost:
cost for each store: vnd 800 million
time: within 8 mouth after opening 
including: locational, power electric to run store, staff, suppies( computer, props,...)
estimation: top-down. ussing top-down to litimit the bugget for each store because in each place have each difficut about location price, emploee,...
2. core human resouce for project:
bugget: vnd1 billiton 
time: duriation 132 moths
including: core saff from all the project in all milestone. 
estimation: bottom - up
3. raw material and suppliers:
bugget: vnd 600 million
time: during 8 moths when the store openned
including: raw coffee, tea lief, raw materials to make coi cafe product. 
estimation: bottom-up. coi cafe alredy have suppliers or shakeholder who provide raw material. ussing bottom up can minimize the cost. 
4 marketing social:
cost vnd 300 million
including garffic design, running ads, book review, promotion plan,... 
etismation: top down. thiss bugget not stickly, it can change from each flasform, time, ...
5. design and decoration store:
bugget: vnd 100 million for each store
time: before openned store 1 moths.
including the design, prop to decoration store, bugget for designer. 
etismation: 
top-down





2)
request 3:
three risks in project:
1. out of bugget 
possible: low
impact: high
this risk happened when the project need more money than expectation, usually come from not manament stickly in some part or the primiry bugget was not correct in real life. 
it bring alot of disadvantage such as
mitigation plan: set a enmergency bugget ( minimixe at 10%) for each part of the project
contingency: cut out some part doesn't nescessery to limit the money. 
2. the schedule too tight. 
possible: medium 
impacts: high
when the project come in hatf, staff or human resouce can handle such a huge task. or the project becoming over task. 
mitigation plan: make sure or check stickly the project mamament before start. trainning carefully staff to running easier. 
contingency plan: add more staff to solve the proplem.

3. manement skill poor
possible: low
impacts: high
when the manager have a poor skill, make the project not clear or leader ship bad. 
affect most the project: time, cost,.., and bring bad feedback from client. 
mitigation plan: practice soft and hard skill before start. add 1 sub mamager to handle. 
contingency plan: if the situation become worst, add more than 1 sub manager to solve.
request 4:
three project role: 
project manager(pm):
accounting(acc)
content planner(cp)
coi's management(cm)
ten task with reponsibilities of the project:
1. create a project charter: pm(r,a),cm(c,i)
2. create a bugget: pm (r,a), acc(c), cm(i)
3. create risk manament: pm(a), cp(r). cm(i)
4.  manament bugget: acc(r), pm(a)
5. create a promotion plan: cp(r), pm(a), cm(i) 
6. spending money: acc(r,a), pm(c,i),
7. marketing plan: cp(r), pm(a,c), cm (i)
8. surveying and selecting permises: cp(r), pm(a,i), acc (c)
9. manament human resoure: pm(r,a,c,i) 
10. createl content ads: cp(r,a), pm(c,i)
