1)
Request 1: Narrative Charter Statement
Project name:
Coi Cafe is a pure VietNamese coffee brand form DakLak

Justifications (purpose & reasons):
The purpose of this project is 
surverying and selecting premises , desiging and constructing interiors consisternt with the brand , recruiting and training local premises, desgining and constructing interiors consistent with brand , recruiting and training local premises, building a raw material supply chain. By using reusable cups, purchasing coffee directly from DakLak.


Project constraints:

Scope: The campaign targets into 5 Central provinces (Da Nang , Hue , Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh) . Activities are limited to: 12 storesr in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City, .

Time: The campaign must be completed within 8 months.

Cost/budget: Fixed budget of VND 8.5 billion (approximately VND 1.7 billion/store) from equity and commercial bank loans.

Quality: All storts must be produced with professional influencers. The increase in store among the surveyed group must be statistically significant (e.g., at least 15 store increase).

Request 2: Provide at least five cost/budget items.

Objective 1: Achieve at least  2 billion/store. with 12 stores in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City.

How estimate: The nostalgic space views beautifull , tradional drink menu and sustainable business model. Reports will be generated weekly and totaled at the end of month .

Objective 2: Involve 10 City in the “drink coffee” activity and achieve a 20% increase in humun buy among surveyed participants after 8 months.

How estimate:

Number of city that sign an agreement and successfully drink coffee


Request 3: Communication Plan

Project‑internal: Coordinating with the interior design team , HR team and marking team

Organization‑internal: Led by the Market Development Director as PM

External: Dak Lak farners

Communication plan 

1. Coordinating 

Information: surveying and selecting prrmises, designing and contructing interiors consistent with the brand 

Purpose: Building brand and store.

Frequency: Weekly 

Responsible: Project PM

2. organization‑internal

Information: Monthly progress report cost store

Purpose: Launching campaigns for each store and building supply chain. 

Frequency: Monthly

Responsible: Project PM

3.  external partner

Information: List of store to be featured

Responsible: Project PM (with support from communication agency)

Request 4: 
Three main project:

Complete store in each province within 12 months

Store must reach break-even point within 8 months

Building store launching campaigns for each store.


2)
