1)
Request 1 : 
 The project , titled "Coi Cafe Branch",aim to expantion store project into 5 Central province (Da Nang , Hue, Quang Nam ,Quang Ngai, Quang Binh ,Binh Dinh ), with 1 flagship store in each province within 12 month .
The justification for this project is increase famous and expand brand "Coi Cafe" for people in 5 Central provinces (Da Nang , Hue , Quang Nam , Quang Ngai,Binh Dinh ) know for this store .
The project is constrained by several factors . In terms of scope the project includes : surveying and training local personel , building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers, and launch campaigns for each store  ,The project duration is 12 month .The total budget is VND 8.5 billion (approximately VND 1.7 billion/store).Regarding quality , the project must ensure good healthy and service , nostalgic space and suitable for relax .

Request 2 :
1.Cost to designer:
Description : pay money for decord store
Estimate : VND 200 milion .
Method : base on number room design.
Person in charged: Project Manager .
2.Cost for staff :
Description : cost to pay employee
Estimate : VND 250 milion .
Method : base on time employee working .
Person of charged: Project Manager.
3. Cost for house .
Description : cost to pay loan of house
Estimate : VND 750 milion  .
Method : pay money base on loan month.
Person of charged : Project Manager . 
4. Money about Marketing :
Description : the budget to increase famous of store 
Estimate : VND 200 milion .
Method : use money for only marketing . 
Person of charge : Finance
5.The budget for problem
Description : extra money for problems .
Estimate: VND 170 milion .
Method : 10% of total budget .
Person of charge : Project Manger.


2)
Request 3 : 
Risk 1 : Employee is less practical service.
Description : Emloyee is trained base guidline and less experience. It will effect to experiment of  customer 
Risk 2 : Climate in each province will have diffrence.
Description : This  provinces are always have storm or big rain or flood and it may be affect negative to human and store.
Risk 3 : Difficult when communicate with local people .
Description : In this provinces , customer can use special words in local to illustrate about some things .Staff cannot understanding about that words  and bring felling not happy for customer.

Request 4 : 
1.Three Project roles : PM (Project Manger),Marketing , Designer,Editor .
2 .
2.1 . Develop idea plan .
2.2 .Script writing for video ads store.
2.3 .Script review .
2.4. Recording video illustrate store 
2.5. Edit video 
2.6. Review quality.
2.7. Track performancce .
2.8 .Uploading video on platform 
2.9. Track feedback.
2.10. Check quality of ingredients.

