1)
Project name: Coi Cafe - Vietnamese coffee brand
- Purpose: The cafe is built for nostalgic space, traditional drink menu, and sustainable business model (using resuable cups, purchasing coffee directly from Dak Lak farmers).
- Constraints: Decided to implement an expansion project into 5 Central provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh), with 1 flagship store
- In terms of scope: The project is led by the Market Development Director as PM, coordinating with the interior design team, HR team, and marketing team.
- Time: For 12 months
- Budget: VND 8.5 billion (approximately VND 1.7 billion/store) from equity and commercial bank loans.
Quality: Each store must reach the break-even point with in 8 months after opening.

Five main cost items:
1. Surveying and purchase/rent a house/building/empty zone
+ Description: design team will find a place in each provinces that can build a cafe in their requirement in their designs.
+ Estimation: for at most 3 months
2. Nostalgic space design materials
+ Description: designer team will prepare for materials for each nostalgic designs for each store in 5 Central provinces.
+ Estimation: design team will find for building materials to decorate following their nostalgic design for at most 2 months
3. Drink materials
+ Desciption: cooperate with farmers from Dak Lak as partners and purchasing coffee directly from these partners
+ Estimation: for 2 months
4. Reusable cups provider:
+ Description: PM, designer and marketing teams will find for reusable cups provider that claim requirements such as cup quality and cup design with the least cost.
+ Estimation: for 1 months
5. Furnitures:
+ Description: PM, designer and marketing trams will find and purchase tables and chairs that claim requirements such as good quality and good design for a large quantities 
+ Estimation: for 1 months
2)
Three project risks
1. Quality of drink source
+ Description: aware of weird chemical or false integents in each drink sources
+ Possible impact 
2. Aware of increasing building materials price
3. Aware of drink maker staff quality

RACI charts
1. Survey and purchase/rent a house/building/empty zone
PM (A), Design team (R, I), Marketing team (C)
2. Prepare building and decorating material
PM (A), Design team (R, I), Marketing team (C)
3. Find and purchase coffee material from Dak Lak farmers
PM (R, A), Design team (C), Marketing team (C), HR team (I) 
4. FInd a purchase resuable cups prodiver
PM (R, A), Design team (C), Marketing team (C), HR team (I)
5. Applying drink maker staff
PM (A), HR team (R, I)
6. Create a planning meeting
PM (I), Design team (A, C), HR team (A, C), Marketing team (A, C)
7. Poster designing
PM (A), Design team (I), Marketing team (R, C)
8. Approve new creative drinks from drink maker staff
PM (R, C, I), Design team (C), Marketing team (C)
9. Creating campaign and marketing plan
PM (A), Design team (C), Marketing team (R, I)
10. Find shipping parters
PM (R, A), Marketing team (C), HR team (I)