1)
Request1:

1.Project name:The brand of Coi Cafe launching campaign
2. Justifications(purpose and reasons to implement this project):
The project including planning, executing, monitoring,Coi's management decided to implement an expansion project into 5 Central provinces( Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh).It target the Genz or people work company.Coi Cafe is convience with them, you can meeting customer or with friend work together easily 24/24 not scare influence by people.You hangout with friend at coffee, talk them everything.Environment is green, not noise.
3 Project constrains:
-In terms of scope: 
+Surveying and selecting premises.
+Designing and constructing interiors consistent with brand.
+ Recruiting and training local personnel.
+Building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers and launching campaigns for each store.
-Time:
The project strictly limited for 12 months,including planning, executing,monitoring and close the campaign, all campaign activities are completed this fixed for timeline
- Cost/Budget:
The project of budget limited VND 8.5 billions, all campaign not over the budget and on schedule(Every store approximately VND 1.7 billion.
Quality:Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening and survey customer rate good about this coffee.
Request 3: Risk budget overruns:
Impacts High 
Mitigations: add 10% buffer, estimate carefully, control the budget
Contingency: move to the next phase
Risk tight schedule
Impacts Low
Mitigations: move the deadline, meeting with HR team and Marketing team (method)
Contingency: add more member for the project, OT(Over Time)
Risk Poor PM skills:Impact Medium
Mitigation: trainning staff, HR team and Mkt team, learn to resource.
Contingency: As needed with meeting together method the campaign
Request 2:
The total budget is VND 8.5 billions
Items: surveying and selecting premises
Description: servey the market on 5 Central provinces( Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh) and find good the market
Cost: VND 4.5 billion
Estimation: find and reasearch more campaign open the store
Person in charged( founder, myselft)
Items: Designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand
Description: find the designers decor with brand
Cost:VND  2 billion
Estimation: meeting with designer about the  project decor create with canva and designers work with the project.( Person in charged design team, myself)
Items: staff 
Description: choose and find staff  in facebook, instagram 
Cost: VND 5 million/month
Estimations: trainning staff carefully
(Person in charged HR teams
Items: PR and MKT with brand
Description: PR in social platform
Cost: VND 1 billion
Estimate: PR tracked via Facebook Instagram( target 1.000.000 engament and 100.000 views and likes)
Person in charged: MKT teams.
Items: lauching campaign for each store:
Description: invite with customers go with Coi Coffee.
Cost: VND 1 billion
Estimations: discount 50% when customer bought 1 new coffee, minigame for customers invite to enjoy play in coffee.
Person in charged: HR teams, MKT teams, myselft.
Request 4:
1. Project roles: founder
Information: founder is people  open 12 stores in Ha Noi and  Ho Chi Minh City
explan the budget and complain everything.
Responsibilities:daily/weekly
project roles: Staff, design team, HR team and Mkt teams
Informations: trainning and meeting method timeline 
Responsibilities: as needed
2:10 activities
Research the market in Viet Nam
Find the staff in social media
Create stakeholders.
Find the designer decor with brand
Decor with Coi's Coffee
Planning and meeting with this campaign
Open the Coi's Coffee store
PR and MKT with this brand
Launching " Coi's Coffee" campaign with customers
Invite customers drink coffee traditional free for one day, and discount 50% for 5 day oppenning brand.
Create event with customers enjoys.
Close this project campaign.


2)
