1)
1.
Coi Cafe expansion project is a project where we expand our brand into 5 centrall provinces Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh. 
The purpose of this project is to build 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months and each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening. The reasons to implement this project is that Coi Cafe is a well know coffee brand in viet nam and famous for its nosstalgic space, pure Vietnamese coffee, which is purchasing directly from Dak Lak farmers, with 12 stores in both Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh city and we can expand our brand more so the expansion project is needed. 
In Coi Cafe expansion project, we will surveying and selecting premises from where  local gather, designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personnel, building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers and launching campaigns for each store within 12 months. The Market Development Directore is ledding as PM, coordinating with the interior design team, HR team and marketing team. Total budget for this project is 8.5 billion VND which approximately 1.7 billion VND each store. Each store must reach the break-even point withing 8 months after opening for revenue.

2.
Coffee: A must have material for store to run smoothly, estimate by market price. Person in charged: Store Manager.

Rental Fee: A price must pay to rent place to open coffee store, fee estimate per months/years and how many base on the contract. Person in charged: Store Manager.

Hire Employee: Include barterder, waiter/waitress, security who will work in store, make drinks and run orders. Salary pay per  hours or months and depend on the postion and work experience. Person in charged: HR team.

Electricity/water bills: Fee coming from using light, store equipment, making drink. Estimate by electricity/water bill every months. Person in charged: Store Manager.

Store Equipment: Sort of things like Machine use for making drink, tables, air conditioners. Estimate by bill from purchase. Person in charged: Store Manager. Employee must have responsibility to take good care of store equipment.

Store Asmostphere: Our brand is famous for its nostalgic space so we must pay fee to decorate place. Estimate by workers price. Person in charged:
Interior design team.

Store's Reputation: Have an online page to manage social online interaction with customer, media use for marketing Cafe store, drink, decorate and event. estimate by salary per hours/months. Person in charged: Marketing team.



  
2)
3.
Project risks:

Errors in supply chains: When supply chains for coffee got stuck, there won't be enough materials to make coffee. Because of that the store will have to close and it will impact on store's reputation and money because of rental fee. Contingency plans for this risk is that we have backup supply chain and a storage room to keep coffee fresh and long.

Store is not well konw enough: When we open coffee store and not so many customers come around, we will face a risk of losing revenue. Contingency plans for this risk is that we have a marketing team, open events and vouchers for customer to come and try to recognise our drink and service.

Can not recruit enough employees: When we plan to open a store in the future, we already inform its in our social media but still can not find enough employee to work or some just decide to quit at the last momment. Contingency plans for this risk is that we should have back up employees or we can post a hiring with higher pays to work in limited time until we find an employess or we can delay the opening time of the store.

4.
Interior design team:
+Tasks: Design base on the ideal of the brand, work with marketing team to have a better perfromence, constructing interiors consistent with the brand.
+Responsibilities: Create quality product which can get our customer intersted.

HR team: 
+Tasks: Recruiting people, check CV of applicant, manage people to work in suitable position, training new comers
+Responsibilities: Find people, questing them and see if they are fit for this job.

Marketing team: 
+Task: Survey people, share information about our brank in social media, hold event
+Responsibilities: Make more people know about our project, increase our recognise in society.

