1)
Request 1:

 1. Project name : Coi's expansion project.
 2.  Justification :  Building a raw meterial supply chain from Central regiion suppliers and lauching campaigns for each store.
 3. 
    Scope : iplement project into 5 Centrelprovinces (Da Nang , Hue , Quang Nam , Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh) and includess seerving and selecting premises, designing and constructing interiors with the brand, recuiting and training local personel. 
    Time : 12 months.
     Budget : 8.5 billion (approxinmately VND 1.7 billion/store) 
      Quality : each store must reach break-event point within 8 months after opening.

Request 2: 

1. The fee renty location
    Description: - The project will implement at 5 Cantrel so need review and evalution price locatio  nat ach provinces
   Estimate  - 1.09 million 
   Way to estimate:   20 million / 1 month at Hue , Quang Ngai, Quang Nam and Binh Dinh 
      30 million / month for 1 location at Da Nang 
       Total in 12 month for project : VND 1.09 billion
      - base line the price reported off local at each province.
     Person in charge :  PM
 2 . The staff and manger local :
   Description:  - Each store have 3 staff and 1 manager to coordination.
  Estimate : 1.98 million
   Way to estimate:  salary of 1 staff is 7million, and manager is 12 million for 1 month so total for 12 month 
       Person  in charge: PM
3. Maketing ads :
   Description : team marketing lauching ads on platform and prepare flyleaf 
    Estimate : 600 million 
    Way to estimate : base on the factoryprint and the  menu price report of platform. With VND 10 million add VND 2 million for print flyfleaf at 1 store in time runing prject.  
     -  Person in charge : marketing team
  4. Setup store :
   Descripsion : prepare meterial constructing for brand at local and can change follow the seasion
  Estimate :  300 million 
  Way to estimate : base on the cost of meterial at product factory and project need setup at 5 store 
   Person in chare : interior design team.
   5. Confirm official letter :
     Description :To active ai local just sent report to manager at local and singed . 
     Estimate :   VND 50 million.
   Way to estimate : base on the fee report of offilce local.
     Persion in charge: PM  
2)
Request 3 :

1.  Name : Over Budget :
     Description : the fee coordination over budget at one store .
     Possible impacts: the budget at 1 store approximately VND1.7 billion but in the haft time with use 80% the buget.
     Mitigation: the teams must review the cost of working and meterial carefully and have report fo lead.
     Contigency : request team design , maketing reduce prodct designed and platform ads not good.

2. Name : The staff off
    Description: In process staff off not reason 
    Possiible impact : Influence to the coordination of store.
    Mitigation : review carefully profile off staff and signed with staff to complete works to give salary.
   Contingency : The manager change this positon of staff to do work and report for HR team to find new Staff .
3. Name : Store can't reach the break-event point 
    Description : store can't reach break-event in within 8 months after opening.
   Possible impact : not reach target quaylity in planed.
   Mitigation: follow carefull the planed and report for lead team. 
   Contigency : 

Request 4: 

1. Strategy plan:define planed campain for project|PM(A/R) | Design team ( I ) | HR(R)|Maketing team(I)
2. Coordination working: set up planed team practice to set up 5 store :
PM(A/R) | Desgin team (I) | HR(R)| Marketing team(I)
3. Reseach infomation: team responsible resatch market at local and report infomation to have good caompain.
PM(A)| Design team(-) | HR(R)| Marketing team (I)
4. Find staff : find staff for the stores , post content .
PM(I) | Design team (-) | HR(R/A) | Marketing team (-)
5. Colelction serving : collection serving and give servey to customer 
PM(A) | Designer tram (I) | | HR(R) | Marketing team (I) 
6. Tracking process : tracking persent  process and review report budget.
PM(R/A)  | Designer team | HR | Marketing team 
7. Report budge : team update report uses budget 
PM(A)| Design team (R) | HR (R) | marketing team (R)
8. Ides - setup store : team prepare design for the store
PM(A) | Design team (R) | HR(C) | Marketing team (I)
9. Lauch ads : run notication on the platforms 
PM(A) | Design team (-) | HR(I) | Marketing team (R)
10. Tracking data : tracking data from the platform and evalution result it's.
PM(C) | Design team (-) | HR(I) | Marketing team (R/A)  






 

    