1)
Request 1: 
1_Coi Cafe
2_The brand is known for its nostalgic space, traditional drink menu and sustainable business model (using reusable cups, purchasing coffee directly from Dak Lak farmers).
3_An expension into 5 Central provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh), with 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months.
The total budget is 8.5B VND (approximately 1.7B VND per store) from equity and commercial bank loans. Each store must reach break-even withing 8 months after opening.



2)
Request 2: 
1_Surveying and selecting premisses
This is the proccess of choosing physical store location in each Central province. This is estimated by each store and its physical location.
In charged: Market Development Director

2_Designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand
Each store must have the brand signature as a way to stand out from the normal/competitive stores. This is estimated by designs.
In charged: Interior desing team

3_Recruiting and trainning local personnel
For each province, the project procced to make use of the current human resource to train their employees the same accross all the stores. This is estimated per employee.
In charged: HR team

4_Building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers
The project would also make use of any existing raw material supply in the region for its store. This is estimated per store or per region.
In charge: Market Development Director

5_Launch campaigns for each store
To expand means to get exposure, only way to archive the break-even point withing 8 months is to start out with a marketing bang. This is estimated per  stores.
In charged: Maketing team

Request 3: 
1_Inconsistent coffee quality
Due to the regional raw material supply, the coffee might not be consistent throughout all 5 stores.
Impact: Might affect customer's experince, led to loss in trust and profit for one or many locations.
Response plan: Use only Dak Lak coffee instead, since it is one of the the things the brand is famous for. A definite logistic challenge that involes storages and route to preserve the quality of the coffe.

2_Launching campagigns for each stores
In the weeks of opening, campaign for each make sense, due to the difference in physical, both in location and interior. 
Impact: A waste of funding for long campaign.
Response plan: Weeks long campaign each for the opening, or recruit marketing personel in each location for the campaign.

3_Lack of adaption for regional diffrence
While keeping the signature of the brand (nostalgic space, traditional drink menu, and sustainable business model), one must adapt the diffrence in each region in order to grow their market.This has been done by international brands like KFC or Mc Donalds.
Impact: Missing oppotunities/exposure might led directly to lack of profits.
Response plan: Adding regional difference into the menu, offering the varioty of options to the customers.