1)
1. The project name is growing the Coi Cafe  in provinces of VietNam.
2.The purpose is implement an expansion brand into 5 central provinces(Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam,Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh)  whit 1 flagship store in each province withing 12 months.
3. time :12 months 
cosst/budget VND 8.5 billion
quality: survey and selecting premises, designing and constructing interioirs consistent with the brand, recruiting and traning local personnel , buildding a raw material supply chain form central region suppliers and launching campaigns for each store .
cau 2.
 1.  coi xafe iss a pure vietnam cofffee brand wwith 12 store in hanoi anf ho chi minh famous for its nostalgic space, traditionnal drink menu and sustainable business model using reusable cups purchasing codffee dit=rectly from dak lak farmers . coi's Management decided to imolement an expansion project into 5 central provinces with 1 flagship store in each provice within 12 months. The project includes surveyanf selecting premise, designing and constructing interors consisten with the brand recruiting anf tranning local personnel building a raw material supply chain form central region suppliers and launchoing campaigns for each store . The Project is led by the market development Director an PM, coordinating with the interior design team, HR team and marketing team. The total budget is vnd 8.5 billiom form equity and commercial banks loans . each sotre much reach the break-even point 8 months after openong
 Cau 3 : identify three project risks bby listing out the risks bys listing out thr risk title/nam , description possible impact9in tern of scope or quality,time and cost and relevant risk response plans :
 The project is lead by the market Development Director as PM, coordinating with the in dedign team,HR team, and marketing team . The total budget isVND 8,5 Billion ( approximately VND 1.7 billion/ store) form equity and commercial bank laon. EAch store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening
2)
