1)
Request 1:
1. Project name: Vietnam Speacialty Coffee

2. Justifications: Building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers.

3.
In terms of scope: surveying and sellecting premises, designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personnel, building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers, and launching campaigns for each store.

Time: 12 months

Budget: VND 8.5 billion (approximately VND1.7 billion/store)

Quality: achive all goals, increasing brands aweness into t Central provice (Da Nang, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh)

Request 2:

Prevention Cost:
- Description
- Estimation
- Total Effort 
- Personal in charged

Appraisal Cost: Traning Staff
- Decription: Hiring Trainers for traning new staffs
- Estimatons: 2 Trainers x 7 sessions x 4 hours each session
- Total Effort: 56 man-hour
- Personal in charge: Supervisor Barista
Interrnal Failure Cost: 
Externsl Failure Cost: Venue Changed















                                                                   
2)
Request 3: 
Acess the impact of risk on a acale from 1 to 5.
1 = Very Low
2= Low
3 = Medium
4 = High
5 = Very High
Riskscore = Probabilty x Impact


Risk 1: Venue Canceled
Description: The place to expansion the project is very importance
 impacts: it hard to find a new venue in the short-term, planning must chaging and spending more time
Probability: Low (2)
Impact score: High (4)
Risk score: 8 
Mitigation plan: by contact with other owner venue that selected before

Risk 2: Staffs don't go to work
Description: Staffs have any problem and they can't go to work
Impacts: Don't have enough staff to open the store.
Probability: Low (2)
Impacts score: High (4)
Risk score: 8
So we need contingency plan that every working sessions will have at lest 2 staffs.

Risk3: Sold out products create drinks
Description: The products to create drirks such as coffee power, milk or sauces.. easy to sold out in the first opening time.
Impact: bad experience can losing the customers, take more time for find and buying procducts of baverages in a short-term.
Probality: Medium (3)
Impacts score: Medium (3)
Contigency plan: Back-up more products create drinks every day.


Request 4:
1.
Planing Project 
Project launch 
Tracking feedback and report.
2 and 3.
Project Manager: PM
Design team: D
HR team: HR
Marketing: M


Review Planing: PM:R/A, D:I, HR: I, M:C
Select Venue: PM: R/A, D: C, HR: I, M:I
Design Poster/Background: PM: C, D: R/A, HR:I, M:C
Review Poster/Background: PM:R, D:A, HR:I, M:C
Finding staffs: PM: A, D:I, HR:R, M:I
Create content: PM:C, D:I, HR:I, M:A/R
Content Production: PM:C, D:I, HR/I, M:A/R
Review Content: PM:R, D:C, HR:I, M:A
Run promotion: PM: C, D:I, HR:I, M:A/R
Track feedback and analysis: PM:A, D:I, HR: I, M:R

