1)
Request 1
Coi Cafe management want to expand the brand's awareness of pure Vietnamese coffee brand with sustainable business model. Therefore, we decide the project name for Coi Cafe is the Coi Cafe's new store location expanding into 5 central provines. The reason for the developement in this project is the management of the Coi Cafe realize that the consumers in several location especially major cities including Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai are creating with higher demand not only willing to purchase coffee directly from Dak Lak farmers but also having little experiences such as using reusable cup.

First of all, the aging population is one of the reasons affect to the behaviors of the consumers when almost the consumers becoming older, so they return to the old experiences. Beside that, more and more international coffee brands want to reduce expense for workers so they make the customer take a drink by themselve with the high fee for service.This make more and more customers feel uncomfortable. The next one, almost coffee brands becoming decor model, it can explain they do not sell the drink, they sell the beautifull decoration in each season. Because this brings higher money than traditional model. The traditional model is smaller, make difficult for customers, who just want nostalgic space, traditional drind menu with sustainable business model.

Because the project devide into five stage including survey and select premises by the market development director with the budget 50.000.000 VND and decline for five months. This is the most important stage to know the chosen locations are suitable are not, this decide the development of this brand. The next one is design and contrust interiors consistent with the brand, this take the budget expectly 100.000.000 VND and decline for this is 3 month. At that time, the brand should recruit and training local personnel with the high budget expectly 7.000.000 per person, including twenty workers at start time. Moreover, building a raw material supply chain form Central region suppliers with the cost start with 300.000.000 VND and launching campaigns with the budget 70.000.000 for each large campaign and 40.000.000 for each small campaign.

Request 2
First of all with the market research, the market development director starting to survey and select premises with the the decline for four months, and one location for each month, the budget for this stage is 25.000.000 VND for each person including airplane ticket, hotel and basic demand. We expect they will give them the information about at least 50 depht interview, and 300 online organic form from each location.

Moreover, design and contrust interiors consistent with the brand need three people, they design poster for each campaign, mascot, logo, ect.

Beside that, cost for product do not suitable of Coi Cafe's standard is important. Otherwise, the cost for three large campaign for each season such as Tet, Lunar Tet, Christmas and six small campaign for new customer, loyalty customers.

The next one is the main picture of the brand is training local personel, using them through words of mouth, this make customer believe more about the products and services. The last one is delivery the products help reduce the cost of product.
2)
Request 3
Three project risks that any coffee brand will meet is workers effortness, marketing budget and cost and quality of supply chain. The first, many brand meet the problem with the workers, their effort not suitable with the salary, the HR pay too much for this but not accept the lazy attitude of the worker. The next one, the brand bring more money for marketing but not accept the lack of customers using the product and service. The last is many supply chain with the big product, they may change the quality of the product.