1)
Question 1:

1. project name: Coi's management

2.

-  purpose: implement an expansion project into 5 central provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh) with 1 flagship store in each province within 12 month.

- reason: They want to expand  the project in 5 central provinces to the sustainable business model(using reusable cups, purcharsing coddee directly form Dak Lak farmers) beacuse of famousing for its nostalgic space, traditional drink menu.

3. 

- Project constraints: The Coi Cafe need to have survey and selecting premise, designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand recruiting and training local personnal building a raw material supply chain form Cantral region suppliers, and campaigns for each store for.

- scope: within the Coi Cafe

- time: each province within 12 months

- cost/budget: approximately VND 1.7 billion/store

- quality: Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening

Question 2: main cost/store

1. 
name: gather the customer survey
description:  for survey and selecting premises activity,  
cost estimation: 2 month, 8 person, fee: 300.000 VND/person/day: approximately VND 144 milion 

2.
name: brand advertisment
description: design and constructing interior consistent with the brand
cost estimation: 1 logo: approximately VND 46 million 

3.
name: traning program 
description: recuiting and training local personel.
cost estimation: 10 person, 10 million/person: approximately VND 100 million.

4. cost of luanch campaingn and application
description: building a raw material supply chain from Canteal region suppiers, and luanching campaingns for each store.
cost estimation: raw material include application approximately: VND 1 billion( 500 million for application management), launching campaings: approximately VND 240 million

5. Cost for risk
description: cost for risk happen if we can not in the target
cost estimation: approximately VND 170 million

Question 3:

1. Survey with wrong result

description: We hire the survey team for the survey result, they don't want to do and give Coi Cafe with the fake data

quality: the Cafe can't understand the customer and give the wrong decision.

time: cost for 2 month later to have a good result. 

cost: about 144 million VietNam dong.

2. Major Training person unregistration

description: The training person have the problem and they need to unregistration for any reason. We need to find another person to training local personal

quality: The training local program can't in the schedule and we need to do the another traning with a lower quality. 

time: about 1 month for hire new traning person.

cost: about 50 million for handle any thing

3. thirst party API downtime: 

description: We need to have a payment method for each bill, and the payment gateway can't do the good way. The payment method don't do every thing.

quality: Customer will feed unstatisfy for the payment and they need to have a cash for change. The Coi Cafe can't management the total money for this payment.

time: 1 month to understand the problem

cost: about 100 million for everyone to know total money and give it into the management application

Question 4: 

at least 3 project roles: PM, design team and marketing team, developer and HR team

1. Gather the user requirements: PM (C), marketing team(R,A),
design team (I)

2. Analysis the requirement: PM (I), marketing team (R,A), design team (I)

3. Understand the user requirement: PM (I), marketing team (R,A), design team (I)

4. design the logo brand: PM (C), marketing team (C), design team (R,A)

5. Hire development to do the management application: PM(I), HR team (R,A), marketing team (C)

6. training local personnal: HR (R,A), PM (I), marketing team(C)     

7. prepare for raw material: PM(R,A), Marketing team (C), design team (I)

8. launching campaign for each store: PM(R,A), Marketing team (I), design team(C)   

9. Make the final project: PM(R,A), marketing team (C), design team (C), HR team (I)

10. Checking aganst after finish: PM (I), marketing team (R,A), design team (C), HR team (C).
2)
