1)
Request 1:
1. Project name: 
- Coi Cafe
2. Justifications:
- Purpose: Coi management want to expand Coi Cafe into 5 Central provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh) with 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months.
3. Project constraints
- Scope: into 5 Central provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh)
- Time: each province within12 months
- Cost: total budget is 8.5 billion VND
- Quaility: Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening. 

Request 2:
1. Labor Cost:
- Pay money for staff or teams. local personnel every months
- Estimation: 150 000 000 VND
2. Advertisting Cost:
- Pay for social media to advertising their brand 
- Estimation: 15 000 000 VND
3. Rent house Cost
- Pay for house where open the store in the province every months.
- Estimation: 20 000 000 VND
4. Material Cost
- Pay money for suppliers who provide material to store
5. Equipment Cost
- Pay money for buying equipment like table, chair, cub, computer, paper, ... 
- Estimation: 50 000 000 VND





2)
Request 3:
Three project risk:
1. Suppliers can not provide enough material for 5 Central provinces as the same time.
- Description: Material like traditional drink menu is not sufficent to provide for brand caused store is using a bigf amount in the short time. 
- Possible impact:  Central region suppliers cannot allocate to different department. leading to another store has limited material. 
- Response plan;
+ Mitigation: Inform to suppliers early about amout that store will need to use at least 2 months. So suppliers can prepare enough to vendor. 
+ Contigency: Inform to customer that drink menu is sold out and it will open in an specific day.
2. Suppliers stop provide material for Coi Cafe
Description:
- Cetral region suppliers stop provide material lead to store do not have matertial
- Impact: Store can not prepare material to sell lead to big problem if they do not have material, it will effect to revenue of store
- Response plan:
+ Mitigation: Must prepare small contingency reserve to pay when they alternative suppliers urgently. 
+ Contigency: Find another suppliers early to cover this problem, inform customer that it sold out and tell them waiting to open again
3. Rent house to open store is expensive than revenue
- Description: give a lot of money to rent the house to open the store, but revenue can not cover that
- Impact: Store can not continous open if statement is become urgent. do not have enough money to pay the house. 
- Response plan:
+ Mitigation: HR team must survey in local to find house appropriately and budget can cover that before open the store and get constract has limite timely at leat 3 years.
+ Contigency: focus on advertising by soical media or KOLs, collect feedback to expand in social media...

Request 4:
RACI chart
1. 
Three project role:
- PM(Market Development Director), Design team, HR team, marketing team
2.
Ten task:
1. Survey province to identify key design or constructure consitent with the brand
+ Activity: go to province or explore in the internet to identify charatertistic of each province 
+ Deliverables: Give an appropriately design that can use into each province lead to attract people in here come to store.
+ Responsible:Design team(R, A), PM (I), HR team (I), marketing team (C)
2. Recuiting local personnel 
+ Activity: HR team find people live in province
+ Deliveribles: Local people will have knowlegde about that province lead to easily to communicate or create job for people in here. 
+ Responsible: HR team(R, A), PM (I), Design team (I), marketing team (C)
3. Implement advertising to social media into each province
+ Activity: advertinsing about the store in social media like  Facebook, Youtube, Tiktok, Instgaram...
+ Deliveribles: cover a lot of view rate, expand store to large people know.
+ Responsible: Marketing team(R,A), PM(I), Design team (C), HR team (I)
4. Prepare content, image, video to upload in social media
+ Activity: implement take a lot of photo about drink menu, store,... upload to Facebook, Tiktok, Instagram, ...Create content appropriately about the store to attract people
+ Deliveribles: completely content and good image, video to prepare advertising.
+Responsible: Design team(RA), marketing team(C), PM (I), HR team (I)
5. Make a plan lauching campaigns:
+ Activity: make a specific plan, steps to carry out, allocate differrent departmant and sure they adhere these guidlines in the plan. 
+ Deliverible: completely report plan by excel for each store
+ Responsible: PM(I, C, R), marketing team(R, A), Design team (I), HR team (I)
6. Implement to communicate with suppliers about material
+ Activity: Repesent about store and what material will be use, amout of material, timely, cost, ...
+ Deliveribles: give a constract with suppliers about material 
+ Responsible: HR team(R, A), marketing team (R,I), PM (I, C), Design team (C)
7. Implement customer participate workshop to try menu
+ Activity: open workshop to attract customer come to try drink menu in the store with sale off from 25% to 50% for the first time they come  or for ten people they come early in the day
+ Deliveribles: inceasing level of customer'support after they try menu of store.
+ Responsible: marketing team(R, A), PM (I), HR team (C), design team (I, C)
8. Prepare sufficient equipment to the store
+ Activity: buy equipment to serve selling, table, chair, carton, computer, cup, paper,...
+ Deliveries: sufficent equipment to ready for open store
+ Responsible: HR team(R, A), design team (C), marketing team (I), PM (I)
9. Hiring KOLs to support 
+ Activity: find famous KOLs or infulencers who can have knowledge about foot or drink to work together smoothy.
+ Deliveries: nice KOLs can attract people know about the store lead they come to try
+ Responsible: HR Team(R,A), Markerting team(I, C), design team (I), PM (I)
10. Training local personnel
+ Activity: training people to have knowledge about store, drink menu, ...
+ Deliveries: people have knowledge to sell about product
+ Responsible: HR Team (R, A), PM (I),  design team (I), marketing team (C)
