1)
Request 1:
1. Project name: Coi Cafe
2. Justification:
Problem: Coi's managemnet decided to implement an expansion project into 5 Central provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh), with 1 flasgship store in each  province within 12 months. Coi's management wanted to open more store to apprach more customers in 5 Central procinces.
Need: Surveying and selecting premises, designing and constructing interiors consistent with brand, recruiting and training  local personnel, building  a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers, and launching campaigns for each store.
Solution: The project is led by the Market Development Director  as PM, coordinating with the interior design team, HR team, and marketing team.
The total budget is VND 8.5 billion (approximately 1.7 billion/ store) from equity and commercial bank loans. 
3. Project constraints
Scope: An expansion project into 5 Central provinces, (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh) with 1 flagship store each province
Time: 12 months
Budget: VND 8.5 billion (approximately 1.7 billion per store)
Quality: Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening

Request 2:

Name: Selecting premises
Description: Take a good place to build that mean take a good appearence
Estimation: PM after discustion, feedback and survey will make a final deceision to comfirm position to build store
Person in charge: PM 

Name: Designing and constructing interiors
Description: The designing and contructing interiors consistent will follow the brand signature tp approve it.
Estimation: Following brand signature is thing make all store synchronize but not same, people know that  Coi cafe brand but it suitable with each provinces.
Person in charge: Design team 

Name: Recuiting and training local personnel
Description: Hire staff is needed for each store, they will interview choose the people suitable with position empty
Estimation: HR intervew a group of people want to join this job and choose person and train for them.
Person in charge: HR

Name: Building material
Description: The building a raw material  supply chain from Central region suppliers.
Estimation: The building material was supply by Central region suppliers will take low cost than delivert from other provinces, easy to control quality and building
Person in charge: Designer team

Name: Launching campaigns for each store
Description: Marketing team will make a plan and stragety to do an event which will attract customer
Estimation: Each store in 5 provinces will have different traditional then marketing team have different way to make plan attract customer.
Person in charge: Marketing team

Request 3:

Building raw material supply chain from central region suppliers need controll to prevent buy materail low quality and hight cost.
Scope: each province
Time: 1 month
Cost: Medium (30-50% budge fort each store)
Plan: This task need  people have knowledge and experience in this feature like designer,PM,.. take care and controll quality

Training with lack of step and knowledge will lead to risk with income and truth of customer
Scope: each store
Time: 2 weeks - 1 month
Cost: Low (10-20%)
Plan: HR need to take care a lots with new staff or employee, training from easily to difficulty with details, give them some experiences solution to solve popular problem, trainning for  them include skills and attitude.

Designing interiors consistent with the brand will lead to bad feedback if designer dont understand about local and traditional of the store
Scope: each store
Time: 1 month
Cost: (10-20%)
Plan: designer need reseach, make ideas, discussion with team, make final decision then take a quality design suitable for province and brand signature.

Request 4:
1. Project role:
Internal : Dev team
Organization: Coi Cafe
External : Customer

2,3. 10 tasks
-Design Database: responsibilitiesDev
-Design UX/UI: responsibilitiesDev
-Design system contruction: responsibilituesDev
-Deploy server: responsibilitiesDev
-Test whole system: responsibilitiesDev
-Demo System :  responsibilitiesDev
-Test and improve Perfomance: Dev
-Discuss with team: Dev
-Demo with PM: Dev
-Demo for customer: Dev




2)
