1)
Request 1:

 1.1 Project name: The development and expansion of Coi Cafe Store 

 1.2 The Coi Cafe is a pure Vietnamese caffee brand with 12 stores very famous by nostalgic space, traditional drink menu and suitainable business model but only in two big city is Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh city is not enough.The Coi's managerment want to expansion the store into 5 central provinces to develop more and prove for every one know about caffee and quality of Coi Cafe, it can make they strong development at the coffee in Vietnam.

1.3 Project constraints:
      The project exapantion into 5 Central provinces(Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh) with 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months
       The project includes: surveying and selecting premises, designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand recruiting and training local presonel, building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers and launching campaigns for each store
      The project is led by the Market Development Director to PM, design team, HR team, and marketing team.
      Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening.
     In terms of scope: The project implement an expansion to 5 central provinces.
     Time: within 12 months
      Cost/budget: the total bugget is 8.5 billion VND (1.7 billion/store)
      Quality: The Coi store will focus surveying and selecting premises, designing and contruction interior consitent with the brand and recruiting and training local personnel, building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers and run campaigns for each store and they have a design team,HR team and marketing from Market Development Director will make the project will success.
2)
Request 2:
Five main cost/budget items is:

- Training local personnel:
   + Description: Training the staff and employees help they understand about process of store.
   + Estimation : 1 billion VND
   + How to estimate:
   + Person in charged: Project manager

- Design to decor store:
   + Description: Decor and design the store with the nostalgic space and each store not same.
   + Estimation : 2 billion VND
   + Person in charged : Design team

- Building a raw material
  +Description: Building a raw material supplpy chain from Central region suppliers
  + Estimation : 1 billion VND
  + Person in charged : Project manager

- Launching campaigns:
   + Description: Run campaigns and event to sale for customer
   + Estimation : 1 billion VND
   + Person in charged : Project manager


- Rent the display for store:
   + Description: Rent the display in the city or the beatifful adress to make the customer focus store.
   + Estimation: 4 billion VND
   + Person in charged : Project manager

- Marketing on social media:
   + Description: Maketing and booking KOL/KOC to review the store on social media like TikTok, Youtube to help the customer local know.
   + Estimation: 500 milion VND
   + Person in charged: Marketing team

Request 3:
 Three project risks:
 - The quality of coffee:
   + Descripton: the quality of coffee in each cetral not same to make customer feel not good about suppliers and employess in each central
   + Level: Medium
   + impacts: High
   + Mitigation : We need to train the employes at the same formula and process and make sure purchasing coffee direactly at the same suppliers or many suppliers but got same quality.

 - The rent the display for store note good:
  + Description: the display very important for customer forcus or move to the store.
  + Level : High
  + impacts: High
  + Mitigation:  We need to discuss and meeting a lot  to find the best display of the province.

- The decor of the store:
  + Description: The decor in store same make the customer feel boring because they see it on social media
  + Level: Medium
  + impact: High
  + Mitgation: The design team need meeting, and asyn the color all off the store with differient design.

Request 4: 
 4.1 
  Three roles of project : 
  Project manager
  Design team
  Customer
 4.2 
  Ten task:
  1. Define project scope and objective
  2. Provide the total buget for each store
  3. Find the sponsor and vendor
  4. Seleting and selecting premies
  5. Review premies and prepare to design, decor  and building.
  6. Trainning the local personel live staff and  employees
  7. Launching the campagns and event
 8. Maketing on social media
 9. Meeting and report process detail for PM 
 10. Read the feedback from the customer to improve.

