1)
Request 1:
Project name: Coi Cafe expansion project

Purpose: to expand reputation and open 1 flagship to each of 5 Central province (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh)

Scope: 
-Surveying and selecting premises
-Designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand
-Recruiting and training local personnel
-Building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers
-Launching campains for each store

Time: Within 12 months

Cost/Budget: VND 8 billion (approximately VND 1.7 billion/store)

Quality: reach or overreach the break-even point within 8 months after opening

2)
Request 2:
Main cost/budget items:

1. Place/plot cost
Description: Cost of where to set up the store at
Estimation: VND 0.5-1 billion variety from provinces 
How to estimate: Contact to provider or civilian local and based on average prices
Person in charge: PM

2. Material cost
Description: Cost of material : resuable cups, coffer directly from Dak Lak farmers,...
Estimation: ~100 million
How to estimate: contact manufacturers, farmer and delivery cost from different providers
Person in charge: PM

3. Training budget
Description: budget of hire and training local personnel
Estimation: 50-100 million
How to estimate: survey on local cost, expense and popularity
Person in charge: HR team

4. Designing and constructing with the brand:
Description: Building interiors consistent with the brand
Estimation: 200 million
How to estimate: Plan with brand to understand and estimate cost 
Person in charge:PM

5. Marketing cost
Desctiption: Cost of marketing, launching campains for each store
Estimation: 300-400 million
How to estimate: contact local providers, survey local
Person in charge: Marketing team


Request 3:
Three risks:
1. Overbudget, overpay
Description: Used up budget and pay too much on HR, training or material 
Impact: 
- Quality: MEDIUM
- Time: MEDIUM
- Cost: HIGH
Relevant risk: Training take too much time
Mitigation: plot auction got too much competitor, unexpected additional cost, overbudget due to lack of management
Contingency: reduce usage and use alternative budget source or ask supervisors

2. Lack of personnel
Description: Cannot recruit local worker, waiter due to no interested in the project and/or the brand
Impact: MEDIUM
-Quality: HIGH
-Time: MEDIUM
-Cost: LOW
Relevant risk: Lack of interesting campains, Bad location choose
Mitigation: Local have too much cafe that use the same method of approach, no trust in quality,  consistency
Contingency: launch supportive campaign to attrach more employees, increase budget for marketing

3. Loans over due
Description: Cannot pay loans on time due to stores not meet the profit needed in given time
Impact:
-Quality: MEDIUM
-Time: MEDIUM
-Cost: HIGH
Relevant risk: Overbudget, lack of personnel
Mitigation: campaign not get enough interest which lead to lack of customer,  low on customers
Contingency: launch more campaign that actually interesting enough to whow that brand is different than others, do more in marketing and participate, sponsor local's activities

Request 4:
1. Project roles: PM, Design team, HR team, Marketing team

2. Tasks/Activities/Deliverables:
plan selection
sponsor selection
contact commercial bank loans
surveying and selecting premises
designing consitent with the brand
recruit personnel
establish connection to supply chain
launching campaigns
Marketing
report campaign result 

