1)
Request 1: 
1. Project name: Coi Cafe - your local nostalgic coffee shop.
2. Justification:
- Purrpose & reason: implementing an expansion project into 5 Central provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh), with 1 flagship store in each province.

3. Project constrains:
- Scope: surveying and selectiong premies, designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personel, bulding a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers, and launching campaigns for each store.
- Time: 12 months
- Cost/budget: VND 8.5 billion (approximate VND 1.7 billion/store) from equity and bank loans.
- Quality: each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening.

Request 2: Five main cost/budget items:
1. Estimation: 1.2 billion (600 million/store)
Name: Designs and Constructions
Description: must be consistent to the brand itself (nostalgic, traditional)
How to estimate: coordinating with the the interior design team, brief the idea, provide key visual of the brand.
Person in charge: interior design team

2. Estimation: 500 million (100 million/store)
Name: Seasonal Campaigns
Description: the campaigns must be aligned with the Coi Cafe's expression, be changed each season to engage more audiences
How to estimate: each season, the flagship stores might use an additional menu with new drinks only being used in that month/season to gain curiousility -> get more customer
Person in charge: Marketing Team

3. Estimation: 500 million (100 million/store)
Name: Recruiting and Training
Description: 
Way to estimate: 
Person in charge: HR team
2)
Request 3: Project risks:
1. D
- Nam/title: Delay in break-even point
- Description: Break-even point can not be reached within 8 months after opening.
- Possible impacts: can't achive the given quality in the given time, consume more budget as the break-even point is delayed.
- Relevant risk response plans

2. 
- Name/title: lack of consistency in designs and constructs
- Description: the flagship store' constructions or relevant designs are irrelevant/ with Coi Cafe's expression
- Possible impact: confusion among audiences, wasting time and budget but still can not gain more awareness
- Relevant risk response plan: follow the brief carefully, use the existed elements of the brand, avoid creating new elements or color

3. 
- Name: Differences between stores
- Description: each store has different drinks/services quality
- Possible impacts: customers have different impressions and experiences about the brand
- Relevant risk response plan: be carefull in recruiting and traning.

Request 4: 
1. Project roles: Market Development Director also known as PM, interior design team, HR team, marketing team

2. Ten tasks, activities or deliverables:
2.1. Surveying and Selecting premises.
2.2. Researching market.
2.3. Constructing and Designing.
2.4. Create new recipes for new drinks each season.
2.5. Hiring, training new employees for each store.
2.6. Manage budget.
2.7. Building supply chain.
2.8 . Run ads on social media
2.9. Hire KOLs KOCs to share the experiences of new flagship store.


3. 
For 2.3: Interior Design Team responsibility is to make sure everything align with the brand expression: nostalgic, traditional
Responsible for 2.5: HR team find suitable and responsible, willing to learn employees.
Responsible for 2.1 & 2.2: PM makes sure that the market is suitable for brand's direction
Responsible for 2.8, 2.9: Marketing team base on the descriptions of store/brand campaigns to create suitable script.