1)
Request 1:
    1. Project name:Coi Cafe.
    2. Justtifications:
        In the context of the popular of Vietnamese coffee. The project aim to open more and more coffe store in 5 provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh) .
     3.Project constraints:
         Each store must reach the break-een point within 8 months after opening.
       In terms of scope: The project includes: surveying and selecting premises, designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personnel, building a raw material supply chain from Central regionsuppliers and launching campaigns for each store.
       Time: the project duration is 12 months.
        Budget: The total budget is 8.5 billion VND ( approximatele 1.7 billion VND/store) from equity and commercial bank loans.
Request 2:
     1. Name: cost of trainning personnel.
         Description: HR team need to train local personnel.
         Estimation: 300.00 VND for each day HR team for train freshman.
     2. Name : cost of running ads.
         Description: Run ads on social media for HR team recruiting local personnel.
          Estimation:200.000VND/ week for each social media.
     3. Name: cost for launching campaigns for each store.
         Description: cost for team from the flagship store travel to new store and trainning new staff and lauching campaign for each store.
         Estimation: 300000VND for each person of the team. 
Request 3:
     1. Name: Run out of budget.
         Description: planning wrong about cost of project lead to run out of budget.
         Impacts: high impact in cost.
         Mitigation: creating a substain budget which is 10% eqaul with main budget.
         Contingency: Change the project target into less than 5 Central province.
Request 4:
     1.
      Project manager: is the Market Development Director.
      Design team: responsibility to design and construct interiors consistent with the brand.
      HR team: responsibility to recruiting and training local personnel.
      Marketing team: responsibility to launching campaigns for each store.
     2.List out of tasks:
     Surveying premises.
     Selecting premises.
     Designing interiors.
     Constructing interiors.
     Recruiting local personnel.
     Trainning local personnel.
     Building supply chain from Central region suppliers.
     Launching campaigns for each store.
     Planning cost of each part in project.
     Monitor and control risks.
     3.
     - Surveying premises:
        PM (R/A), Design team(C),HR team (C), Marketing team (C).
     -Selecting premises:
        PM (R/A), Design team(C), HR team (C), Marketing team (C).
     Design interiors:
       PM(A), Design team(R), HR team (I), Marketing team (I).
     Constructing interiors:
        PM(A), Design team(R), HR team(I), Marketing team(I).
     Recruiting local personnel:
        PM(A), Design team(I), HR team (R), Marketing team (C).
     Trainning local personnel:
       PM(A), Design team(I), HR team(R), Marketing team(I).
      Building supply chain from Central region supplierss:
       PM(A), Design team(I), HR team(I), Marketing team(R).
      Launching campaigns for each store:
        PM(A), Design team(I), HR team(I), Marketing team(R).
     Planning cost:
        PM(R/A), Design team(C), HR team(C), Marketing team(C).
     Mornitor and control risks:
        PM(R/A), Design team(C), HR team(C), Marketing team(C).
2)
