1)
Request 1:
1.1. Project name:
"Coi Cafe all accross Vietnam"

1.2. Justification:
Purpose: To expand Coi Cafe to 5 Central provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh).
Reasons to implement this project: To spread the location of Coi Cafe out to other provinces outside of Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City, in order to serve more customers and make more income.

1.3. Project constraints:
Scope: Only expand to 5 Central provinces.
Time: Within 12 months.
Budget: VND 8.5 billion (approximately VND 1.7 VND/store).
Quality: Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening.

Request 2:
List of budget items:

1. Interior decorations
Description: Things to decorate the inside of the cafe.
Estimation: VND 750 million, VND 150 million/store (Check the pricing of each items on e-commerce platforms or the local market and choose where to purchase accordingly. Person in charge: Interior design team).

2. Furnitures
Description: The chairs, table, kitchen counter, lighting,...
Estimation: VND 1.5 billion, VND 300 million/store (Buy the same pieces of furniture as the already opened stores in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City to keep it consistent with the brand. Person in charge: Interior design team).

3. Kitchen appliances
Description: Machines to make coffee and drinks.
Estimation: VND 1 billion, VND 200 million/store (Check the pricing at electronic stores, keep in mind to purchase high-quality appliances for sustainable uses. Person in charge: Interior design team).

4. Campaigns
Description: The cost of advertising and PR strategies.
Estimation: VND 2.5 billion, VND 500 million/store (Make campaigns similar for all provinces for a unified strategy, make changes to appeal to the local market if possible with low-margin differences in budget. Person in charge: Marketing team).

5. Cost of employees
Description: The cost of training the local personnel and the monthly salary.
Estimation: VND 2.25 billion, VND 450 million/store (Offer the same salary as the already established stores and have experienced employees train the new ones. Person in charge: HR team).

Overall: VND 8 billion, approximately VND 1.6 billion/store (within the given budget).
2)
Request 3:
Project risks:

1. Budget shortage
Description: Going over the budget estimation.
Possible impact: Cost (using more money than estimated for one of the cost items will leave less money for the other items).
Response plans: Stay as close as possible to the budget plans to mitigate this from occuring, if this is already happening then the person in charge must take action by cutting other irrelevant costs.

2. Stores under-selling
Descripton: All/ One of the stores not making the break-even point within 8 months after opening.
Possible impact: Quality (the stores could face possible shut down if they do not satisfy the income requirement of the project)
Response plans: The stores should set a temporary target of VND 850 million at the fourth month after opening in order to control the performance of the stores. If it is under-performing, the marketing team must take immediate action to draw in more customers.

3. Harsh competition
Description: Not being able to compete with the already well-known local coffee stores.
Possible impact: Scope (Similar to under-selling, the stores could be shut down if it can not appeal to the local market and draw in customers)
Response plans: The marketing team needs to study the local customers throughoutly by doing survey, learning their prefferences and their behavior in order to deliver effective campaigns and stay in the market for the local.

Request 4:
4.1.
Project roles: Interior design team, HR team, Marketing team.
4.2.
Tasks:
1. Interior designing
2. Training local personnel
3. Employee management
4. Planning campaigns
5. Launching campaigns
6. Doing survey/interview on local customers
7. Scout prices on furniture and decors
8. Designing PR poster
9. Social media managing
10. Conent creation