1)
Request 1:
1. Project name: the expansion project for Coi Cafe
2.The purpose of this project is to implement an expansion project into 5 central provinces help brand have more revenue, awareness and new customers in other central provinces besides Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh   
The reason of this project are:
Collect the customer survey and selecting permises, designing, constructing and decorating for each store required to each store consistent with the brand
Recuruiting and training local personnel before the store opening to ensure quality service 
3. scope constraint: this project limited to implemment an expansion in 5 central provinces(Da nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh). Time contraint: the time operation is 8 month for each store. Cost contraint: the total budget must be VND 8.8 billion(VND 1.7 billion/store. 

Requesst 2: five main cost:
1. Rental cost: this cost covers the rental cost for 8 month for each province required to ensuring remain efficient execcution duriing the store open for 8 month. Estimate cost: VND 3 billion. Person in charge: Project manager 
2. Permit and licensing cost: This cost covers a temporary permit from local authority, allowing the store to operate legally. Estimate cost: VND 1 billion. Person in charge: project manager
3. Display and set-up cost: This cost includes the operation and set-up strore cost such as tables, chairs, lightings, and visual basic materials. Estimate cost: VND 2 billion. Person in charge: project manager coordinate with the operation and set-up lead 
4.  Recruiting and training local staff cost: This cost related training personel local staf, including training material, printed manuals, and reheasal sessions prior the store open to ensure consistent quality service. Estimate cost: VND 1 billion. Person in charge: project manager and HR team lead
5. Operation and daily running cost: This cost covers the daily operaation running cost such as utilities: electronic, water, cleaning supplies, minor maintenance items, ... Estimate cost: VND 2 billion. Person in change: operation coodinator reporting for project manager 
 
2)
Request 3:
Three project risk:
 1. Lack of customer paticipation
Discription: lack of customer paticipation will direct affect to reduce revenue lead to dont have profit that can't remain efficient execution the store
Scope: 
quality: when revenue reduce lead to reduce ingredients quality to ensure remain operation 
Time:  
Cost: cost increase because promotion, combo to attact customers
Mitigation: Launghing more campaing to find more new customers 
Contingency: provide promotion, decreaseg pricing or use combo to attract more customers to visit store 
 2. The cost not enought for operation and, campaign 
scope: cant impact to target 5 central province
Time: increase time to find address for strore lead to wasting more time
mitigate: find other rental adress with less cost
contingence: 
3. Have the proplem with supplier like late provide or stop coordinate
description: that will impact to experience customer because products does not provide true time
quality: lack of ingredients make the product cant done
Cost: cost increase  can impact to revenue of store
Time: that can make slow and more time for customer to waiting for product 
mitigate: provide promotion for customer to solve proplem 
contingence: find other supplier 
Request 4: 
1. Three project roles:
This project required to ensuring expansion in to 5 central provinces to find more news customer, expan market and increase revenue.
The campaign for each store must suitable and match to target customers of the brand
Ensuring 5 store must remain operation enough 8 month with have profit for each month
2. ten tasks, activitive,
Find good rental address for each central province 
Find suppliers for each central province
Permit and licensing with local authorities
Designing, constructing and decorating set-up store
Writing conten post on social media
Creating videos and editing to launching 5 new central provinces
Recruiting and training local staff 




 

