1)
Request 1:
Project name : Coi Cafe Expansion Project
Justification : The Coi Cafe is famous coffee brand and they want to expand their brand to a large city like Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh.
Project constraints :
   + Scope : implemnet an expansion project in to 5 Central provinces. Includes : surveying and selecting premises, designing and constructing interios consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personal. building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers, and launching campaigns for each store
   + Time : 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months
   + Budget/ Cost: the total budget is VND 8.5 billion ( approximately VND 1.7 billion / store ).
   + Quality: Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening
2)
Request 2:
Name : Cost for team members
Description : The cost for hire the member who surveying and selectings premises, designing and constructring project. About VND 300 million/ store
How to estimated : Its depend on the level of the team are hired by HR and the scope of the project.
Person in charge : HR team

Name : Cost for marketing plan
Description : This is the cost for the marketing team to promotion the Coi cafe to take attendion the people who live in that province. About VND 150 million/ store
How to estimated : Based on the plan of the marketing team
Person in charge : Marketing team

Name : Cost for design the space of the coffee
Description ; It's the cost for design the space of the coffee like the bar, chair, wall. About VND 200 million/ store
How to estimate : Depend on the need of the coffee and the design team level.
Person in charge : Desgin team.

Name : Recruting and training local personnel
Description : This is the fee you pay for training staff for the coffee. About VND 50 million/ store.
How to estimate : based on the total staff who are hired and trained per hours.
Person in charge : HR Team

Name : Rental House and materials
Description : Its is the cost for buiding the coffee and raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers. About 1 billion / store
How to estimate : Depend on the cost of this space. Its mean the space of the coffee large or small, the location.
Person in charge : Project Manager



Request 3 : 
Title / Name : Overtime 
Description: it's mean complete the project behind the deadline because the legal document in the province is not approved, difficult to find the location 
Possible impact : the schedule opening can be lated
  + Mitigation : prepare legal documents before starts find the location and building
  + Contingency: remove to another locations and thanks the goverment of the province to resolved the legal conflict.

Title / Name: Over budget
Descripton : The cost for rental locations or materials is very expensive than budget plan
Possible impact : it can be lost the lots of cost than budget plan
 + Mitigation : the coffee should spend 10% for the extra fee to ensure that its can be solve fastly.
 + Contingency : contact to the coffee and explaint for them about the cost problem.

Tile / Name : the store is not reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening
Description : The store can not be reach the break even 8 months after opening.
Possible impact: It do not achive the goal of the plan 
  + Mitigation : Do the research about the province.
  + Contingency: Report to the Coi Cafe and promote the marketing plan to pay more attention and incrase customer satisfication.
 


Request 4: 
Role:
+ Project manager
+ HR Team
+ Design Team
+ Marketing Team

ten tasks/activity/deliverable
1. Do the survey
2. Selecting premises
3. Design the space
4. Contructing interiors consistent with the brand
5. Recruiting and training local personnel
6. Build a raw material supply chain
7. Launch campaign
8. Promote the coffee to take attention
9. Collect customer data and survey
10. Final report for Coi Cafe

1. Responsibility: Project Manager
   
2. Responsibility: Project Manager
3. Responsibility: Design Team
4. Responsibility: Design Team
5. Responsibility: HR Team
6. Responsibility: Project Manager
7. Responsibility: Project Manager
8. Responsibility: Marketing Team
9. Responsibility: Project Manager
10. Responsibility : Project Manager




