1)
Request1 : 
1:Project Name: Coi Cafe project
2.Justification : 
 - Purpose : To develop brandt for its nostialgic space, traditional drink menu, and sustanble bussiness model.  Implement an expansion project into 5 central province.
 - Reason: To make brands are more quanity and more good service.
 -Project constrant:
 + Scope: Surveying and selecting premises, designing and construting interiors consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personnel, building a raw meterial supply from Central region suppliers and launching campaigns for each store
 + Time: With 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months 
 + cost/budget: The total budget is 8.5 billion( approximately VND 1.4 billion/store) from equilly and commercial bank loans
+ Quality:Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening 

Request 2 :
1, Team member cost
The cost for team member does meet in the project
Estimation: Number of day * day salary
Person in charged: Project manager
2,Material and equipment cost
The cost resouce, tools, and meterial use in the project
Estimation: Number item * unit price:
Person in chargd: Project manager
3, Location and platform cost
The cost location and platform cost are rental, use in the project
Estimation: Rental location or platform * price
Person in charge : Sponser, management
4.Promtion cost
The cost to attact attention to customer and keep their interest, make content and, notification activity.
Estimation: Number promotion * unit price
Person in charge:Team marketing
5. Managerment and contigency cost
The cost to management and contigency the system
Estimation: Estemated * percentage(10 %,5%...) in the project 
Person in chargd: Project manager

Request 3: 
Risk 1: Content poor quality in the project
The staff, team member work on the projct make product with output not quality, and have a mistike
Impacts: 
+Quality: Customer Dissatifation
+ Time: Need time to retrain, fix the problem 
+Cost: Extra cost to training 
Relevent;
Mitigration: Suppoting staff, team member and supervison PM or experienced person.
Contigency: Remake the project with high quality.

Risk 2:  Resouce, equipment problem 
Resource, tools, material have a problem, or bug during work project
Impacts: 
+ Quality: the quality of the product  is low quality
+ Time: Need time to fix problem and change the item
+ Cost: Extra cost material
Relevent
Mitigration: Check quality the resourse, material
Contigency: Use the backup resourse

Risk 3: Customer dissatifation 
Custimer disatifacation about product or quality service
Impacts: 

Quality: The quality of brands more decrease
Time: Needs time to fix probem, and survey the bug.
Cost : Extra cost to fix problem and enhance th service th quantity

Relevent:
Mitigrations: appologize to customer and gift their voucher, and ask them to fix problem 
Contigency: Check quality  the service, promotion the product. 

Request 4: 
1)
1. Project manager(PM)
2.Team member(TM)
3.Quality checker(QC)
4.Stakeholder (SH)

2,3.
1, Collect requirement TM:( R), PM: (A), SH( I)
2.Analyze requirement TM: (R), PM: (A)
3.Design solution  TM: (R), PM: (A)
4.Prepare material, tools, resource.TM: (R), PM: (A), SH(C)
5.Product, develop the main work.  TM: (R), PM: (A)
6.Product, devlop the supporting work TM: (R), PM: (A)
7. Review quality QC: (R), PM(A)
8.Fix problem, testing QC: (R), PM: (A)
9. Finish the project PM: (R), SH: (C)
10. Deliver to customer PM: (R), SH: (I)

Role: 
Responsible(R)
Accountible(A)
Consult(C)
Inform(I)

2)
