1)
Request 1:
1. Coi Cafe Expansion Project
2. Purpose: Expanse Coi Cafe coffee brandt into 5 Central provinces(Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh)
3. Project constraints:
Scope:
- Espansing Coi Cafe into 5 Central provinces.
- Surveying and selecting premises.
- Designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand.
- Recruiting and training local personnel.
- Building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers
-Launching campaigns for each store.
Time: Within 12 months
Cost/budget: Total budget is VND 8.5 billion(approximately VND 1.7 billion/store)
Quality: Each store must reach the break-even within 8 months after opening.
Request 2:
5 Main cost items:
1:
Name: Building flagship store
Description: Building flagship store in each province with the fees of material, worker waves, brand design.... Each province must build 1 store and keep the spirit of the original Coi Cafe brand.
Estimation: 1 billion each store( fee of material, waves, brand design, extra fees)
2: 
Name: Recruiting staff
Description: Recruiting and training local personnel. Must divide experienced staff to guide the local personnel and train them into Coi Cafe staff.
Estimation: 50 million each store( fee of training, using the material during training, ...)
3: 
Name: Building supply chains
Description: Find a supply provider to build a supply chains from Central Region suppliers, which will take responsibility for providing items during the operation of the stores.
Estimation: 300 million each store ( fee of supply, fee of contract)
4:
Name: Waves/Salary
Description: Waves and salary payed for the staff including the local personnel, experienced trainer, HR team, marketing team, .....
Estimation: 200 million each store( waves for staff/worker)
5:
Name: Launching campaigns:
Descriptions: Each store must launch campaigns to introduce the brand to the local citizens, branding the Coi Cafe coffee so that more customer will know about this brand.
Estimation: 100 million each store( budget for campaign-lauching of each store)
Request 3:
3 Project risks:
1:
Name: Lack of customer
Description: Customer choosing familiar local brand instead of the new Coi Cafe Brand, customer dont find any interest in the campaigns,....
Possible Impacts: Scope, quality
Mitigation plan: Surveying the local citizens, preparing different marketing plan from the research.
Contingency plan: Flexible campaign-lauching for each store and local. Increase the budget of campaign lauching if needed.
2:
Name: No vailable supply chain
Description: No supplier matched the target that able to supply for the store.
Possible Impacts: Scope
Mitigation plan: During the planning era, research about local suppliers and find the most approvable one and flexible changing the supply chain target plan.
3:
Name: The cost exceeded the budget
Description: Many risk that happened and make the store cost more than the intial budget.
Possible Impacts: Cost.
Mitigation plan: Preparing for each budget and tracking to keep the budget always in the control
Contingency plan: Loaning more budget or using store benefit to keep up with the budget.
Request 4:
1:
1: Market Development Directore: Project Manager
2: Interior team, HR team, marketing team: Internal
3: Region suppliers : Cooperator
2-3:
- Surveying and selecting premises: Internal
- Designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand: Internal
-Recruiting and traning local personnel : Internal
- Building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers: Project Manager, Internal
- Lauching campaign for each store: Internal
- Estimating the cost/budget for items: Project Manager
- Providing the supply for the stores: Cooperator
- Developing the brand of Coi Cafe: PM, Internal
- Responsible for the scope and quality of the project: Project Manager
- Developing each store and marketing to local citizens: PM, Internal
2)
