1)
Request 1:
1. Project name:  The expansion project for Coi Cafe into  Central provinces
2. Jutifications
Purpose: Coi cafe is a famous for Vietnam coffee brand with 12 store in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City and decided to implement an  expansion project  into 5 central province. Because Coi cafe need to expand new store around Vietnam, build long relationship with the customer, and  bulding a raw material supply chain.
3  Project constraints:  Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening.
Scope: this project has run for  central provinces at Da Nang,Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh with 1 flagship store in each province. This project will be surveying and selecting premises, designing, and constructing interior cosistent with the brand recruiting and traing local personnel, building a raw material supply chain from Central region supplier, and lauching campaign for each store.
Time: 12 months
Budget: VND 8.5 billion 
Quality: the project will be led by the Market Development Director, and coordinating with the interior dessign team, HR team, and marketing team to manage and run this project

2)
Request 2:
1. Marketing cost
- Description: this cost included  budget pay for adverstising on social media for 12 months of this project
- Estimate: pay for each media channel of project use
- Person in charge: Marketing manager
- Budget: VND 600 milion/ 12 month

2. Cost for recruiting and training
- Description: this cost include the salary for worker who training local pesonnel 
- Esstimate: hourly rate x hour of working x nummber of staff
- Person in charge: HR manager
- Budget: VND 1 bilion/12month/ 5 central provinces

3. Cost for Design and Production team
- Description: this cost will be pay for design poster and making and editing video for this campaign for 12 months.
Estimate: pay for design and production team by reaserch this cost in market
Person in charge: Project Manager
Budget: VND 1.5 bilions/all product

4 Transportation for supply
- Description: This cost include delivery and transportation like coffee, product, ect
- Estimate:pay for frequency of transportation and delivery 
- Person incharge: Logistic Leader
Budget: VND 500 milion/12month/5 store

5. Cost for building new 5 store
Description: This cost included to building 5 new store in each province
- Estimate: Building x cost for building team + 10% approximate
Person in charge: Project Manager
 Budget: VND 4 bilion/ 5 store
 
Request 3: 
- Over Budget:
 this project is limited of budget for 5 store and will run long time (12 month), that posible impact for cost and quality of this project, and may be no sponsor for project, that can take a lost of cost.
Risk response plan: need to management all of cost of this project and cut off budget  if it nescessary
- The interior design team overload
They need to build a lot of media production, then they may be overload for editing a lot of product in long term
Risk response plan: have a backup team design to support the main team
- Supplier of Coffee in Dak Lak do not have product
Because Coi cafe have dirrect effect of this supplier to buy coffee, if Coi Cafe open more new store, this supplier may be overload and do not have a product for Coi coffee to buy
Risk response plan: need to find out another supply to control this quality
Operational complexcity description : Manager multiple mobile unit across location
Impact: inneffiecy and coordition issue 
Mitigation:  use centralixe schelduing and tracking system

Request 4:
Media project leader, Project manager, Logistic team, 
Media content : A
Production content: B
Making video: C
Equipment setup



