1)
Request 1:
1. Project name: Coi Cafe's flagship store.

2. Project Justification:
2.1. Reason: Coi's management decide to implement an expansion Coi Cafe into 5 Central Provinces ( Da Nang, Hue, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh)
2.2. Purpose: Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening
2.3. Action: Build flagship store in each province within 12 months

3. 
3.1 Project constrants: each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening
3.2 In term of scope: surveying and selecting premies; designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand; recuiting and training local personnel; building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers; and launching campains for each store.
3.3 Time: 12 months
3.4 Cost/budget: VND 8.5 billion (approximately VND 1.7 billion/store)
3.5 Quality: 
- Each store must reach the break- even point within 8 months after opening
- Recuited local personel

Request 2: Cost/budget items
1.
Name: Employee salary
Description: The fee pay for employee a month
Estimation:
- How to estimate: Pay for employee everymonth; 8 milion per month
- Person in charged: PM, employee

2. 
Name: Fee for supply chain
Desciption: The fee pay for supplier to get raw material supply chain
Estimation:
- How to estimate: Pay for supplier to get raw material supply chain
- Person in charged: PM, supplier

3. 
Name: Designing and Conducting fee
Description: The fee pay for Design team to design and constructing interiors consistent
Estimation:
- How to estimate: pay for design team
- Person in charged: PM , design team

4. 
Name: Recuiting and training local personel fee
Description: The fee pay among the recuiting and training time
Estimation:
- How to estimate: pay for HR team
- Person in charged: HR team; PM

5. 
Name: Launching campaigns for each store
Description: Fee among launching campaigns time
Estimation:
- How to estimate: pay for Marketing team
- Person in charged: PM; Marketing team
2)
Request 3: Project risks
1. 
1.1 Name: Cannot recuiting local personel
1.2 Description: The HR team fail to recuite local personel
1.3 Possible impacts: 
- In term of scope or quality: Make Survey; Write report; Plan to pick up employee; Pick up employee from store to flagship stores
- Time: 1 weeks 
- Cost: 100 million for employees extra fee (10 million for each)
1.4 Relevant risk resopnses plans: Contingency
- HR team survey the employee in 12 stores in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh 
- HR team describes the information: how many time they need to be there, where they live among the campaign or among the time to waiting the new one, what scope they need to do.
- HR team send the report to PM, let him/her know.
- PM pick up that empolyees to go to the flagship store.


2.
2.1 Name: Fail of building a raw material supply chain from Central region supplier
2.2 Description: PM fail to connect with Cental region supplier to build a raw material supply chain
2.3 Possible impacts:
- In term of scope or quality: Research deliverable company; compare deliverable fees of each comapy and fee around Hanoi and Hochi Minh; Choose the minimum delivarable fee; Make a report
- Time: 3 weeks 
- Cost: 500 million for deliverable fee
2.4 Relevant risk resonses plans: Contingency 
- PM research deliverables comapany
- PM compare fee of each company
- PM choose the minimum deliverable fee company
- Make report

3. 
3.1 Name: Tsunami
3.2 Description: Tsunami come to that 5 Central povinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh) in time the campaign lanched. 
3.3 
- In term of scope or quality: Stop the campaign; Plan the rebuilt action
- Time: 3 weeks
- Cost: 500 milion for deliverable fee or buy new suplly chain; 500 milion for rebuilt
3.4 Relevant risk resopnses plan: Contigency
- PM pause the campaign in that time and waiting the tsunami go away. 
- If the supply can deliverable back to Ho Chi Minh or Hanoi, deliverable it. If not, make a report about how many supply chain be damaged and the way to rebuilt it. 

Request 4:
1.  Project roles:
1.1 PM 
1.2 The interior design team: DS
1.3 HR team: HR
1.4 Marketing team: MT

2. Task, activities or dliverables
2.1 Surveying premises
2.2 Selecting premises
2.3 Designing interiors consistent with the brand 
2.4 Constructing interios consistent with the brand
2.5 Recuiting local personel
2.6 Training local personel
2.7 Building a raw material supply chain from Cental region suppliers
2.8 Launching campaigns for each store
2.9 Build marketing campaign for each store
2.10 Research investors for the campaign

3. List out responsibles of the project roles
3.1 Survey premises: MT-R; PM-I
3.2 Selecting premise: MT-R; PM-A
3.3 Designing interiors consistent with the brand: DS-R; PM-C
3.4 Constructing interiors consistent with the brand: DS-R; PM-A
3.5 Recuiting local personel: HR-R; PM-I
3.6 Training local personel: HR-R; PM-I
3.7 Building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers: PM-R
3.8 Launching campaigns for each store: MT-R; PM-A
3.9 Build maketing campaign for each store: MT-R; PM-I
3.10 Research investors for the campaign: PM-R

Note:
R- Responsible
A-Acccountable
C-Consult
I-Information
MT-R: Marketing team - Responsible



