1)
Request 1 - Project chart 
   -Project name: Coi's management
  - Justifications:
      +  Coi cafe have much store device in Vietname need to management and have many service provice for customer using.
      +  Surveying and selecting premises, designing and constructing interiors consisten with the brand, recruiting and training local personnel, building a raw material  supply chain, lauching compaigns.
  - Project constraints : 
        + Terms of scope: 8 months after opening each store
        + Budget : 8.5 billion VND (approximately VND 1.7 billion/store)
        + Quality: Support for large of customer will entry. Provide information and marketing good in the social.
2)

Request 3: 
 - Risk1: 
 +  Title : Budget project will over come targe
  + Description: Coi's cafe have to much store so have more employment need to open environment luxy and comfortable so cost design will increase
  +  Possible impacts :   Time need to increase 2 week and  in termns of scope make for people avaible.
  +Mitigation: Makeing loose of  more fee each part of project
 + Contingency: Do not can bonus cost right time making project finish to slow      

- Risk 2: 
   + Title: Requirment  do not same task in document approach
    + Description: The time near to finish but in report have to  
   + Possible impacts : Time need to increase 1 months and scope fix task to same document
   + Mitigration: After time will have error do can not tracking information and can not fix error is correct
   - Contingency: Do not have member accountable for this task and make some people influent.  
   
- Risk 3:
   + Title : Design and Implement do not contact
   + Description: Process design first but when time doing project have some error make for project do not finish correct target in handlle over project.
    + Mitigation : Intructor design will accept idea customer but in time implement action have flow do make people unrate
    + Contigency : Making performance increasing and in long time if have error fix to more time.
    
Request 4: 
   In this project have 5 role :  Project Managements is led Market Developement Director, Design Team, HR and marketing, Customer
  
 These poject have Task : 
  - Task 1:  Analysic and complement requirement of project. 
    + This task have entry 3 role: PM is led Market Developement Director, HR team, Marketing team,
    + Deliveriable: 
           HR team tracking static employment and survery action function  (R)
            Marketing team desgin notifcation for everyone knowledge to survery (R)
            PM approach static and report document project. (A)

 - Task 2 : Design overview for the project
    + This task entry 3 role : PM, design team, marketing
     + Deliveriable: 
           Design team draw interface project (R) 
           PM checking status and accept to contructor from design team (A)

-  Task 3: Training local personal  
      + This task entry 4 role : PM, HR, marketing, customer
      + Deliveriable :
              HR: create tuturial training for new personal (R) 
              Marketing: create social networking and intructor new person action  (R)
             Customer:  (employment ) take information to entry project (I)
            PM:  approach task and management activity in this task (A) 
           
- Task 4:  Solving ands tracking task each week
     + This task entry 4 role: PM, HR, marketing, design
     + Deliveriable:
         HR, marketing, design:   complement each task a week, report to document (R)  
           PM : Tracking task and accept task for next week (A)
  
- Task 5: Lauching compaign for each store
      + This task entry 3 role: PM, Marketing. Design.
     + Deliveriable: 
             Design: design interface space of compaign  (R)
            Marketing: social medial compaign for store (R)
             PM : Checking status task and choose compaign (A)

- Task 6: Socical media for project Coi's cafe to new Center
      + This task entry 2 role: PM, marketing
             Marketing: running social media on the platform network. (R)
            PM: Checking status aciton team marketing.  (A) 

- Task 7: Testing action project before demo to customer
     + This task entry role: PM, design, HR
           Design: Checking again instructor project and test case will have problem (R)
          HR: Checking employemnt doing in project (R)
          PM: Write document for customer before approach (A)

