1)
Request1
1. Coi cafe 
2. Problem: Coffee is traditional drink menu in VietName, many peoples in the world very like coffee of VietNam, but coffee brand is not expand. So that Coi cafe implement an expansion project into 5 central provinces to survice everyone.
3.
Scope: surveying and selecting permises, designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personnel, building a raw material supply chain from central region sippliers. and launching campaigns for each store.
Time: 12 months
Cost/budget:VND 8.5 billion (approximately VND 1.7 billion/store)
Quality:Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening
Request 2:
1
Name: Design, decoration
Description: design logo and menu, decorate lightning, table.
Estimation: for each store is VND 400 million x 5 store = VND 2 billion  
How to estimate: base on the number of logo, menu,table,lightning.
Person in charged: Design team
2
Name: Marketing product 
Description: promote produc and connect to KOLs when completed
Estimation:for each store is VND 200 million x 5 = VND 1 billion
How to estimation: base on each location of store 
Person in charged: marketing team
3
Name: Training local personnel
Description: training staff how to communication with customer, how to sell product 
Estimation: for each store is VND 200 million x 5 = VND 1 million
How to estimation: each store need to 10 staff each staff training cost is 20 million
Person in charged: HR team
4
Name: rental location
Description: rental location to business 
Estimation: for each store is VND 400 millon/months x 5 = VND 2 billion
How to estimation: base on each location
Person in charged: Market development director (PM)
5
Name: material 
Description: material about coffee, how to produce
Estimation: for each store is VND 400 x 5 = VND 2 billion
How to estimation: base on each region sippliers.
Person in charger: PM

2)
Requet 3
1
Name: low product quality
Description: product is not quality about logo, taste.
Scope/quality: not reach the break-even point within 8 months
Time: Delay time sell not reach acheive
Cost: effect to revenue.
mitigation: Ensure product before launch, test prodcut before promote.
contigency: should be buy 1 get 1 to attract customer.
2
Name: difficuly in select location
Description: find the location not beatiful, many peope not like coffee and not have foreginer
Scope/quality: not conpleting expand brand
time: Delay time > 12 months 
Cost: effect to revennue
mitigation: make strong parnership of each region to find location.
contigency:find different location if not found.
3
Name: low customer engage
Description: less customer buy produce
Scope/quality: not reach the break-even point within 8 months.
Time: Delay time reach acheive
 Cost: effect to revenue and rental location not enough
mitigation: marketing product many time.
contigency:  Connect to KOLs before launch.
Request 4
1.
+ PM- project manager ( mager project, approve decisions)
+ ET- execution team (do the main work, content,operration).
+ ST- support team (support activities, makerting,testing)
2 & 3
1.define project plan PM(A), ET(R), ST(C)
2.analyze requirement: PM(C), ET(R),ST(I)
3.design solution/content: PM(C), ET(R), ST(I)
4.develop main output: PM(I), ET(R), ST(C)
5.develop supporting outting: PM(I), ET(R), ST(C)
6.review and approve: PM(A), ET(R), ST(C)
7.Delivery: PM(I), ET(R), ST(A)
8.promote/support: PM(C), ET(I), ST(R)
9.monitor performance: PM(A), ET(C), ST(R)
10.report result: PM(A), ET(C), ST(R)