1)
Request 1:
Project name: Coi Cafe: Expansion project in to 5 Central provinces

Justification ( purpose & reason):
As the Coi's management, our brand have been developing with 12 stores in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh strongly. Becoming famous for its nostalgic space, traditional drink menu and sustainable business model such as using reusable cups, purchasing coffee directly from Dak Lak farmers. After such a good feedback from the coffee drinker to the brand and according to Coi's coffee survey for the coffee lover through all over Viet Nam specialy in the 5 Central provinces, the survey recieved 90% of people have the needs to drink and enjoy coffee with the traditional menu, pure coffee and nostalgic space. Know about that, we decided to implement an expansion project into 5 Central provinces is Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh with 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months. Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening.This project will increase 60% sales and reach positive feedback from the survey and selecting premises. Reach 85% awareness from the province people to the Coi's coffee brand.

Project constraints: 
Scope: 5 Central provinces is Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh, these are the main location of our projects, with 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months. The project includes: surveying and selecting premises, designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personel, building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers and launcing campaigns for each store.

Time: 16 months 
Initiation: 1 months
Execution: 14 months 
-Pre- launch: 1 months
-Launch: 12 months
- Post-launch: 1 months
Closing: 1 months

Cost/Budget: The total budget is VND 8.5 billion( approximately VND 1.7 billion/store) from equity and comercial bank loans.

Quality: Each store must break-even point within 8 months after opening. Collect positive feedback from the survey and selecting premises. Decrease 90% of Shrinkage/loss through launching campaign.

Request 2: 5 main cost/budget items:

Name: Contigency Reserve
Description: contigency supplies have been prepair before the campaign to decrease the thief or loss supplies when bringing.
Estimation: VND 10.000.000/store. Top-down estimating.
Person in charged: PM ( project management)

Name: Recruiting and  Training local personel
Description: Fee for the training expertise 
Estimation: Antagolize 
Person in charged: PM

Name: Launching campaign
Description: Ensure have enough money for the campaign each store
Estimation: approximately VND 1.7 billion/store. Estimate by Bottom-up
Person in charged: PM

Name: Material supply chain
Description: Ensure that have enough money to buy 
Estimation: VND 300.000.000/ store. by Bottom-up
Person in charged: PM

Name: Purchasing Coffee
Description: Ensure that have enough money to buy
Estimation: VND 200.000.000/ store, etimate by Bottom-up
Person in charged: PM

Request 3:
Identify Risks:

Name: Shrinkage/loss 
Description:Loss supplies for the campaign
Scope: Weak
Quality:
Time: Through all of the campaign
Cost: VND 10.000.000
Response plans: Contigency reserve

Name: Natural trouble disater
Description: Rain or heavy rain causes to the campaign
Scope: Large
Quality: 
Time:
Cost: Through all of the campaign
Response: Contigency plan like prepair before the campaign umbrellar, chilli pepper, another contigency place to continue the campaign or flagship store 


Name: The lost of knowledge of the PM( Project Manager)
Description: To ensure that the PM have Knowledge about the location launching campaign
Scope: Large
Quality:
Time: Through all the campaign
Cost: VND 50.000.000
Response: hiring expertise have known about the place launching the campaign to help the PM research about the location there, the people habit

Request 4:
RACI (Responsibily, Assignment, Consulted, Intergration)

Task/ activities: 
- Building a raw  material supply chain from Central region suppliers
- Training local personel 
- Purchasing coffee directly from Dak Lak
- Launching campaign for each store
-Hiring expertise
- product reusable cups

Time managemant plan -> Cost management plan ( start to start)









































2)
