1)
Request 1:
 1. project name:Coi Cafe

 2. purporse: Coi cafe decided to  expansion to 5 central provinces with 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months.

 3. constraints:
   -time: 12 months
   -cost/budget:VND 8.5 billion
   -scope:surveying and selecting premises, designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personnel, building a raw material,launching campaign for each store. Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening

Request 2:
 +cost 1 : rent store
 description: need to find out place that customer can easy to find.
 estimation: 1-10 day base on finder and acceptance by PM .

+cost 2 launching campaigns cost
description: each store need different campaign because of culture of provinces
estimation:1-2month base on baseline.

+cost 3 : marketing cost
 description: need to run marketing advertisments for store and brand.
estimation:VND 100-200 million for brand

+cost 4: designing various thing for each store
description: because of variou culture province , project need to design match with provinces.
estimation:VND 100-200 million/store

+cost 5 : Store decorate 
description : project need to decorate for each flagship store to hold brand siprit.
estimation :VND 700-800 million/store 
  

2)
Request 3:

Risk 1:
+name: recruiting and training local personel
+description: if staffs,stores can not work smoothly,it can effect brands.
+mitigation:need expert to training before launch new store.

Risk 2:
+name:overrun when launching campaigns for each store.
+description: different store have different culture, so it may run out budget if not manage it strictly.
+mitigation: need acceptance plan , budget for each campaigns and create contingency reverse for each campaign.

Risk 3:
+name: late timeline of designing and constructing interios consistent with the brand.
+description: this part need to accept by many stakeholder and take time to complete.
+mitigation: Add more resource,can rent third-party service to make sure it not break timeline.

Request 4:
1.project roles: PM,Design team ,HR team,marketing team.

2.list task: 
surveying (A)
planning(B)
selecting premises(C)
designing (D)
constructing interiors consistent (E)
recruiting (F)
training local personne (G)l
build a raw material supply chain(H)
launching campaign(K)
Communicate stakeholder (I)

3.
        PM | Design | HR | Marketing
(A)    A       I            I        R
(B)    A       I            I        R
(C)    A       I            I        R 
(D)    A       R          I        C
(E)     A       R         I         C,R
(F)     A       I           R       I
(G)    A       I            R       I
(H)    A       R           I        C
(K)    A        I            I         R
(I)      R       I            I          I