1)
Request 1:
1. Project name: Coi Cafe - The Vietnamese coffee brand.
2. Justifications:
The primary purpose of this project is updated this brand better and Coi's management want to implement an expension project into 5 central provinces with 1 flagship store. This project is implemented to promote better solution and deliver value to the target audience.
3.To ensure successful delivery, this project must adhere strictly to the following constrants:
Scope: The project include surveying and selecting premises, designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personnel, building a raw meterial supply chain from Central region suppliers, and launching campaigns for each store. it explicitly excludes to post - launch marketing and long- term improve for this brand.
Time: The project duration is strictly updated at 12 months. All deliverables must be completed within this timeframe with no extensions allowed.
Cost/budget: The total budget is capped at VND 8.5 billion ( approximately VND 1.7 billion/store) from equity and commercial bank loans.
Quality: Each store must reach the break-event point within 8 months after opening.

Request 2: 
The total cost budget: VND 8.5 billion 
Name: Coi cafe store
 Total Budget store: VND 1.7 billion
1. Coffee/ product costs: VND 200 million
Description: Chose the premium coffee costs to have a good product for the customers.
2. Rent staff: VND 200 milion 
Description: Rent about 10 local personnels/ store and pay a big salary for them to doing job better. 
3.Build the store, design the brand : VND 500 milion
Description: Use a big budget to desgin the brand because it is important for the brand for marketing and long- term improve.
4. Marketing the brand for social media : VND 200 milion
Description: Big scope for marketing to the brand can be found everywhere in social media.
5. Rent the house near the center to build a flasgship store: VND 600 milion.
Description: chose a good place to build the store, people can easy to get the store when they want.
2)
Request 3:
Risk 1: Schedule delay 
- Impact: delay the launch date.
- Mitigation: add buffer time  to the schedule.
- Contingency: force the team ( like design team, HR team and marketing team ) to work ourtime.
Risk 2: Budget overrun
- Impact: run out of money before finishing.
- Mitigation: Audit the budget weekly.
- Contingency: Cut down out- of - scope features.
Risk 3: Low quality 
- Impact: the product like coffee have a low quality.
- Mitigation: Auto check the costs before sells.
- Contingency: Training the personnel/staff for doing better.

Request 4: 
1. Project roles: market development director (PM), designer ( DES), marketing (MAR). 
2. 10 task:
  Task 1. Service and selecting premises
  Task 2. Designing and construcing interiors consistent with the brand
  Task 3. Recuiting and training local personnel
  Task 4. Building a raw material supply chain form Central region suppliers
   Task 5. Lauching campaigns for each store
  Task 6. Create a content for marketing brand
  Task 7. Design uniform for the staff.
  Task 8. Build the rules for the staff/local personnel to working better.
  Task 9. Update brand information to the social media and  platform 
  Task 10. Auto update product within social trending to make more young customers.
3. 
Task 1: PM (A/R), DES (I), MAR (I).
Task 2: PM (A), DES (R), MAR (I).
Task 3: PM (A/R), DES (I), MAR (I).
Task 4; PM (A/R), DES(I), MAR (I).
Task 5: PM (A/R), DES (I), MAR (I).
Task 6: PM (A), DES (I), MAR (R).
Task 7: PM (A), DES (R), MAR (I).
Task 8. PM (A/R), DES (I), MAR (I).
Task 9: PM (A), DES (I), MAR (R).
Task 10: PM (A/R), DES (C), MARKETING (C).