1)
Request 1:
The project Enjoy Coi Cafe is created to open new flagship store in 5 Central province. Because Coi Cafe have just 12 stores in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City.

The purpose of project is an expansion project inito 5 Central provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh), with 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months, with budget VND 8.5 billion (approximately VND 1.7 billion/store).

The project includes of surveying and selecting premises, designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand, recuriting and trainning local personnel, building a raw material sipply chain, lauching campigns. It dose not include  of activity in anorther porvinces (outside Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh).

The quaility measure by each store must reach the break-event point in 8 months after opening.

Request 2
Cost 1: Rent building. This cost to build store from VND 30 million/store - VND 50 million/store per months.   
Cost 2: Cost to do servey. Marketing team will post the servey after done form on to Google,
Facebook... about VND 20 million - 40 million.

Cost 3: Marketing new store. Marketing team will use tool ads or find KOLs/influcener to make video review store and post it on Tiktok, Facebook, Youtube. .... it takes VND 20 million/store - VND 30 million/store. 
 
Cost 4: Money for rent staff. To run store need to staff to make cafe, manager store. This cost about VND 80 million/store - 100 million/store per months. It is decided by HR.
 
Cost 5: CoSoVatChat money. This inclide of buying table, chair, door, banner, cup, ... It take about VND 300 millione - 400 millinoe for one store at frist time and take VND 20 millions - VND 40 millions for one store per months to upgrade or repair them.

Request 3
Risk 1: Finding staff

Risk 2: Communitcation of each members

Risk 3: Lauching capmaigns 

Request 4
Porject role:
Market Development Director as PM (P)
Design Team (B)
HR team (C)
Marketing team (D)

Tasks, activites, deliverables:
1.Plan project (R - P, A - P, C - B|C|D)
2.Find team member (R - P, A - C)
3,Find the staff (R - P, A - C)
4.Wirte content for servey (R - P, A - D)
5,Do servey (R - P, A - D)
6,Find content banner (R - P, A - D|B)
7.Draw banner (R - P, A - B)
8.Traning staff (R - P, R - P)
9. Find the bulding to build store (R - P, A - P)
10. Do report with 8 months after openning (R - P, A - P) 
2)
