1)
Request 01 : 
 1. Project name : 5 Centeral Coi Cafe project
 2. Coi cafe is a famous brand VietNam with 12 stores in HaNoi and Ho Chi Minh city . But Coi Cafe want more people from all VietNam know more about the lovely Vietnameses cofffee brand . So Coi's want to decided to implement an expansion project into 5 Central provinces from Da Nang, Hue. Quang Nam, Quang Ngai. Binh Dinh 
 3. 
Time project : We have 5 Central province and each province within 12 months  
 Cost/budget project : The total budget is VND 8.5 billion ( approximately VND 1.7 billion/store) from equity and commercial bank loans 
 Scope: Each store much reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening 

Request 02 : 
 5 main cost/budget items : surveying , designing Central  , traing local personnnel

 Name : Create a document survey for customer 
 Description : marketing team need to create a form survey and project manager need to check that form it good or not so we can 
 the way tp estimate :  meeting team and share document to wirte 

 Name : Desiging Central building 
 Description : each Central provinces need to 1 design central . 
 Extimation long : 1 team design will take care 1 Central provices design. so it will take 1 month to complete the all 5 design Cetral 

 Name : Training local personel at store
 Description : Coordinater need to trainning employey
 Extimation long : each Coordinater at each Central need to trainning local person about 2 week so they can understand what they can do 
 
Request 03 : 
 There are three project risk  
 Risk1 : Calculation not right about the material 
 Description : Manager check the design and calculat the the material we need to supply chain from Central region suppliers . 

 Risk 2 : Take to long to design building 
 Description : Design team take to long to desgin a building. Each building we need 1 team design and need to check the design for all 5 central to 

 Risk 3: Form survey are wrong and not right information 
 Description : Marketing team create form survey but that survey all the same ! But in real life each central will have different thing not all the same with each provice . 
  
Request 04 : 
 1. There are three project role : coordinater  , marketing , project manager 
 2. list 10 activities / tasks or deliveranles 
  1: Define information survey
=> Marketting team need to find informatio about Coi Cafe and the people in 5 Central provinced 
  2: Writing script form survey
=> Marketing team will writing the script form survey at document 
  3.  Check form survey 
=> Project manager will check this form survey it good . If it not , marketing team need to write it again 
  4. Final review form survey and approval 
=> Project manager check form survey and if it good will approval . Manager will take that survey upload it on website so customer can send them feedback
  5: Training local personnel 
=> Coordinator will plans and training people at 5 Certral  provices 
  6: Designing the building Central for 5 Central provices
=> Design team will work together and Create a Design for building 
  7: Check design building Central 
=> project manager will check the design is it good enought to build 
  8.Prepare a raw material supply from Cerntral region suppliers  
=> Project Managertment watch the desgin plans how much a material need to supply Central region                    
  9. Building a raw material supply
  10. Constructing interiors consistent with the brand . 
 




2)
