1)
1.
- Project name: Set-up Coi Cafe that a pure Vietnamese coffe brand in to 5 Central province (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh)
- Purpose: Coi Cafe is a pure Vietnamese coffee brand with 12 stores in Ha Noi and Ho Chi Minh City, famous for its nostalgic space, traditional drink menu, and sustainable business model (using reusable cups, purchasing coffee dircetly from Dak Lak farmees). Coi management decided to implement an expansion project into 5 Central provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh), with 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months
- Reasons to implement this project: Coi Cafe has 12 stores in Ha Noi and Ho Chi Minh City, popular for its nostalgic space, traditional drink menu, and sustainable business model using recycle cups and purchasing coffee directly from Dak Lak who is farrmer into 5 Central provinces.
- In terms of scope: surveying and selecting premises, designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personnel, building a raw material supply chain form Central region supplier, and launching campaigns for each store.
- Project constraints: The project is led by the Market Development Director as Project Mangement, coordinating with the interior design team, HR team, marketing team.
- Time: Project Management decided to implement an expansion project into 5 Central provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh) with 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months.
Budget: The total budget is VND 8.5  billion (approximately VND 1.7 billion/store) from equity and commercial bank loans.
Quality: Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening.

2.
Five main cost/budget items: The project includes: 
- Surveying and selecting premises:
+ Name: Sur-Sel premises
+ Descrpition: 
- Designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand.
+ Name: Designing and contructing
+ Descprition: 
- Recruiting and training local personnel.
+ Name: Recruiting and training
+ Desprition:
- Building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers.
+ Name: Building a raw materail supply chain from Central region suppliers.
+ Description:
- Launching campaigns for each store.
+ Name Launching campaigns for each store
+ Description:
2)
3. 
Identify three project risk:
- 1
+ Name: building a raw materail supply chain from Central region suppliers.
+ In term of scope: difficult to building a raw materail supply chain from Central region suppliers in 4 months while had do anything.
+ Time: more than 4 months.
+ Cost: very expensive.
- 2
+ Name: recruiting and training local personnel
+ In term of scope: difficult to training for each local person and may be they don't like drinking coffee and have some anti-fan with brand.
+ Time: less than 3 weeks
Cost: from VND 500 thousands/person
- 3
+ Name: launching campaigns for each store
+ In term of scope: diffcult to launching campaigns for each store and each store must reach the break-even point withing 8 months after opening.
+ Cost: less than VND 1.7 billion/store

4.
- Three project roles: 
+ Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening
+ With 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months.
+ Implement an expansion project into 5 Central provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh)
- List of ten ten task, activities
+ Surveying premises.
+ Selecting premises.
+ Designing the brand.
+ Constructing interiors consistent with the brand.
+ Recruiting local personnel
+Training  local personnel.
+ Building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers.
+ Laucnching campaigns for each store.
+ Celerating teambuilding.
+ Equity and commercial bank loans.