1)
Request 1:
1. Project name: Coi Cafe Expansion Project
2. Justifications: To implement an expansion project into 5 Central province with 1 flagship store in each province.
3. Project constraints:
- Scope: 5 Central provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh).
- Time: within 12 months.
- Cost/budget: VND 8.5 billion
- Quality: Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 monhs after opening.

Request 2:
Budget item #1:  Construction
Description: The cost of the construction material and construction.
Estimation: VND 5.5 billion (approximately VND 1.1 billion/store).
Estimation method: Top-up
Person in charged: PM, design team

Budget item #2: Furniture and material
Description: Material from supply chain such as coffee, furniture such as coffee machine, table, chair,...
Estimation: VND 1.0 billion (approximately VND 200 million/store)
Esitmation method: Bottom down
Person in charged: PM, Marketing team

Budget item #3: Marketing cost
Description: Marketing and promotion cost to raise the indentity of new shop.
Estimation: VND 1.0 billion (approximately VND 200 million/store)
Estimation method: Expertise experienced
Person in charged: PM, Design Team and Marketing Team

Budget item #4: Salary for team and staff
Description: The budget to pay for operation team and new staff hiring through recruiting.
Estimation: VND 500 million. (approximately VND 100 million/store)
Estimation method: Bottom down
Person in charged: PM, HR Team

Budget item #5: Operating fee
Description: The fee to operate the new shop in the opening progress.
Estimation: VND 500 million (approximately VND 100 million/store)
Estimation Method: Expertise experienced
Person in charged: PM, interior design team. HR team and Marketing team.
2)
Request 3:
Risk name #1: Late in recruiting and training personnel.
Description: Cannot recruiting enough personnel or finishing recruiting late, lead to the late in training new staff
Possibile impacts:
+ Scope: Lack of staff in operating the shop.
+ Time: Increase time for opening new store.
+ Cost: Increase cost in recruiting new staffs.
+ Quality: Rising time in reaching the break-even point.
Mitigation: Opening the recruiting early in the construction progress.
Contingency: Using the present staff from other branches to support and tranining new staff.

Risk name #2: Lack of construction material or supply.
Description: Increasing in need of material or cannot finding suitable supplier.
Possible impacts:
+ Scope: The construction cannot follow the design.
+ Time: Increase time in construction new store.
+ Cost: Increase cost to transport construction material and supply.
+ Quality: The construction of the store cannot follow the design completely.
Mitigation: Design and prepare carefully in the planning phrase to reduce lack of construction material or supply.
Contigency: Finding local construction supplier to finish the construction in time.

Risk name #3: Increasing in cost/budget.
Description: Increasing in cost/budget due to the rising in price of construction material or budget using to recruiting and tranning personnel
Possible impacts:
+ Scope: Reduce the scope compare to planning phrase.
+ Time: Increasing time in construction phrase or recruiting phrase.
+ Cost: increasing in cost to opening new shop
+ Quality: increasing time need to reach the break-even point.
Mitigation: Prepare the budget approximately 10% of total budget in case of increasing in cost.
Contigency: Using the budget prepared for the case of increasing in cost.

Request 4:
1. Three project role:
+ PM: Market Development Director
+ HR Team
+ Marketing and Design Team
2. Ten tasks, activites, deliverables:
2.1. Planning survey campaign: PM (A); Marketing and Design Team (R); HR Team (I)
2.2. Running survey campagin: PM (A); Marketing and Design Team (R); HR Team (I)
2.3. Selecting premises: PM (A, R); Marketing and Design Team (R); HR Team (I)
2.4. Designing interiors consistent with the brand: PM (A, R); Marketing and Design Team (R); HR Team (I)
2.5. Constructing interiors consistent with the brand: PM (A); Marketing and Design Team (R); HR Team (I)
2.6.Recuiting local personnel: PM (C, I); Marketing and Design Team (I); HR Team (R, A)
2.7. Tranning local personnel: PM (C, I); Marketing and Design Team (I); HR Team (R, A)
2.8. Building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers: PM (R, A); Marketing and Design Team (R, C); HR Team (I)
2.9. Launching campaign for each store: PM (A); Marking and Design Team (R); HR Team (C, I)
2.10. Operating opening store: PM (I); Marketing and Design Team (C, I); HR Team (R, A)