1)
Request 1
1.1. Project name: Coi cafe's Expansion Project

1.2. 
Purpose : Expand Coi cafe brand into 5 central provinces (Da Nang, Hue , Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh).

Reason: Coi's management decided the expansion with 1 flagship store at each mentioned province within 12 months.

1.3.
Project Contrainsts
Scope: 
- Survey and select premises.
- Design and construct interiors.
- Recuit and train local personnel.
- Build raw material supply chain from the Central region suppliers.
- Lauch campaign at each store.

Time: 12 months

Cost: 8,5 billion VND

Quality: Each store must reach break-even point within 8 months after the opening.

Request 2
Five main cost items

1. Rent 
Description: To open a store, it is needed a place to be built on or to be rented. Thus, a monthly must be considered.
Estimate : Around 10 to 20 million VND per month. This is vary based on the Estate Market Place.
Person in charge: Market Development Director.

2. Construction Cost
Description: For each store to be built consistent with the brand's theme, a certain amount of budget must be invested.
Estimate : Around 500 million VND. This will be affected by building material cost.
Person in charge: Design Team Lead

3. Staff insurrance Cost
Description: Every store need an insurrance for their staffs as the law dictated and each one must follow.
Estimate: Around 20 million VND per month. This number will be affected by staff's role and salary.
Person in charge : HR Team Lead

4. Campaign Cost
Description: At the openning of each store, there must be some discounts or events that customers can participate.
Estimate: 100 million VND per store. This will be decided after the surveys finished.
Person in charge : Marketing Team Lead

5. Advertisement Cost
Description: Before the openning of each store, there must be some posts or adds running on social medias.
Estimate: 50 million VND. This cost will be affected by external providers if needed.
Person in charge: Marketing Team Lead

2)
Request 3
Three project risks

1. Construction Inconsistent Theme
Description: Design team have mislead communication with the construction team which lead to building the wrong cafe theme.
Impacts: 
- Quality: the store may not have the consistent theme with Coi cafe brand.
- Time: need to spend more time to construct than normal.
- Cost : unexpected cost to re-decorate the store.
Mitigation: Double check the store's buleprint with both construction team and design team.
Contingency: Expand the construction time .

2. Raw material suppliers cut off
Description: Suppliers no longer provide material for the store's food and drinks due to some unexpected reasons.
Impacts:
- Quality: Reduce in customers as the drinks not taste the same.
- Time: Need time to find new suppliers.
- Cost: New material cost can be increased.
Mitigation: Prepare some spare suppliers that in stand by mode.
Contingency: Each store must have around 30 to 40% of spare raw material which kept in storage.

3. Lack of experience staffs
Description: Newly trained staff work for 3 to 4 weeks then quit.
Impacts:
- Quality: Lack of staff, increase in time preparing drinks
- Time: Repeat training time with new employees
- Cost: Monthly payment yet uncertain for long term
Mitigation: Implement formula system on computers, less time to train as the new staff can do as the guideline on the system.
Contingency: Back up 1 to 2 employees from other shifts to cover up the lack of staffs.

Request 4
1. Project roles
- Design Team Lead
- HR Team Lead
- Marketing Team Lead 
- Market Development Director

2. Ten task, activities or deliverables

A. Searching for places on Estate Market
B. Rent the place
C. Design the store
D. Constructing the store
E. Online Ads on social medias
F. Posting Hiring News
G. Interview new employees
H. Manage Staffs
I. Monthly Report
J. Improve Services 