1)
Request 1:
1. Project Name: 
-Coi Cafe expansion project

2. Justification:
-The purpose of this project aim to make Vietnamese coffe more popular in VietName dual to nowadays development of other nation drink brands such as "Star Buck, Mc'donal,...".
-The reason of this project is to make VietNamese'people and orther national friend travel to VietName in 5 central Da Nang, Hue, Quang Name, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh know more about VietNamese coffe and other traditional drink.

3. Project Constraints :
-Scope :
+ This project will mak surveying and selecting premises.
+Designing and construcing interiors consistent with the brand.
+Recruiting and training local personnel.
+Make a deal with local suppliers from Central region to provide a raw material supply chain such as raw coffee beans, milk, sugar ,...
+Create and lauching campaigns for each store.
-Time : The project duration is in 12 mouths , all the activities will complited in this timeframe.
-Cost/budget : The total budget of this project is 8.5 billion VND , approximately 1.7 billion VND for each store.
-Quality : 
+Each store reach the break-even point in 8 months after opening.
+Coi Cafe Vietnamese coffe brand more popular compare to other brand in 5 Central provinces.
+Customer satifaction about service quality is 90%( using survey)
Request 2:
1.Name : Marketing Brand.
Description : Create and launching Coi Cafe coffee
brand for each store.
Person in charged: design team and markting team.

2. Name: Recuriting local personnel.
Description : Make poster , announcement on social media flatfrom such as FaceBook,... to hiring local personnel in each 5 Central provinces.
Person in charged : HR team and markting team.

3.Name : Training local personnel
Description : Traing local personnel to become emplyees in on months.
Person in charged : HR team.

4.Name : Material supply
Description : Make a chain local supply from Central region suppliers for each store.
Person in charged: PM and marketing team.

5.Name : Store loan fee
Description : Finding and loan local store where have a lot of local people live like near apartment, school,... or near local market for easy to find supplier.
Person in charged : PM and HR team.
2)

Request 3:

1,Name: Schedule delay
Description : Schedule delas such as after opening for 6 months but not close reash the break-even point, trainning personnel to become employees more than 1 months,...
Possible: low
Impact : High
Response: checking all the stask remaning and then send it to other free hand team, add more time.

2.Name: Scope creep
Description : some scope have issues or not done.
Possible: low
Impact : Medium
Response: apply more strict control process, create backup plan.  

3.Name: store operational issues
Description: Store operation not efficiency because of don't have enought employees or supply chain don't provide enought material,....
Possible : medium
Impact : Hight
Response: Have a backup strorage of material for each store.Lauching hiring announcement again to increase number of employees.

Request 4: 
1.Project roles : Market Development Director as PM
Tasks:
+Create task base on project constraints.
+Select task for each team.
+Selecting place to open store.
+Checking budget below or over base budget.
+Checking quality of the project.
+Contact with local suppilers to make chain material supply chain.
+Hold connect with Coi's management 
+Create backup plan
+Checking project duration
+Control team

2.Project roles: HR team
Tasks:
+Testing local personnel
+Training local personnel
+Try to help local personnel match all the quality to cover work in store


3.Project roles: design team and marketing team
Tasks:
+Design banner , poster for the launching campaigns
+