1)
Request 1 : 
1.Project name : Vietnamese coffee brand - Coi Cafe

2.Justifications: The Coi's management want their brand become famous for its nostalgic space and they want show traditional drink menu for many people. They use sustainable business model to explaint their coffee directly from Dak Lak farmer.
  Reasons:  Owner of Coi Cafe want manager implement the project in 5 Central provices and built 1 flagship store in each provices. they want more people hear their brand.

3 Project constraints :
  Scope: surveying and selecting premises, designing anh constructing interios consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personnel, building a raw material supply chain from central region.
 Time-bound : project launching within 12 months from pre-launching to post-launching. However, Each store must reach the break- even point within 8 months after opening.
 Cost/budget: Total budget for launching campaigns is VND 8.5 bilion and each store have approximately VND 1,7 bilion.
 Quallity: Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening, and they building 1 flagship store in 5 Central provices within 12 months, design and contruct interiors consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personel to work in their store.


Request 2: 
The total budget : it is total money for executing the campaigns project in 12 months. it have been device into small pieces money to provide each store in each provices from equity and commercial banks loans.

CPI:

EV:

CV:

2)
Request 3:
Project risk1: The project launching is large area : project execute in 5 Central province :
  Posible impact : they must spend alot time also money for big project, if they launching they can fight the fail and lost time and money.
 Response plans: They can launching less province than actual, from there they can saw the possitive or negative and lean it.
Project risk 2 : Time of the project is long 
   Possible impact: they spend more time to design and construct.
  Reponse plans: they can do task paralle it make save any time also money for owner becuase the money is loans.
Project risk 3: The Traditional person in the province is less experient.
  Possitive impact: it effect to quality of store, because they is new staff and they can understand traditional curtule of brand
  Response plans: give 1, 2 old saff from store in Ha Noi or Ho Chi Minh to manage and trainig the new worker 


Request 4:
 Project role :
 1 . Internal project: Design Team , 
 2.  HR Team and Marketing Team
 3. Market Development Director As PM

List out ten Activies:
1. Prepare plan and design
2. Find the area to contructs store( 1.SS)
3. Estimate create cost for launching ( 2FS)
4. Go to each province to prepare built the flagship store(3.FS)
5. Find the worker in each province to prepare traning(4.FS)
6. Training and launching campaigns(5.FS)
7.Begin opening the store(6.FS)
8.Monitoring the store and staff in store(7.SS)
9.Give feedback of the customer (8.SS)
8.Closing launching and ipmrove their brand to famous