1)
Request 1:
 1.1 
   Project name: 
      Coi Cafe: The day of traditional
 1.2 Justifications
   With a big coffee brand control all stores in Vietnam is very hard, make a little mistake in 1 store can have a bad effect to all brand. 
  Purpose to implement an expansion project  into 5 Central province can surveyving and tranning local personnel to building a raw meterial supply chain from Central region suppliers. It help brand increase and more bigger, can make a trust with customer.
 1.3 Project constraints 
   In terms of scope:
    - Surveying and selecting premises.
    - Designing and constructing interiors with the brand.
    - Recruiting and training local personnel.
  Out of scope:
    - Start building and decor in each store.
    - Make a new water for open day.
    - Deliver coffee from Dak Lak farrm.
   Time:
   Start at June 2026 and end at June 2027 ( total is 12 months with 1 flagship store)  and break- even point within 8 months after opening.
    Cost:
  Total budget is VND 8.5 Billion ( approximately VND 1.7 billion/store).
    Quality
  Have 10,000 survey in total 5 Central province in (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh), designing in a new space but still have a nostalgic space, training professional staff.

  Request 2:
1.
 Name: Cost for go.
 Description: The cost for team to go 5 Central province.
 - Spend VND 200 million for plane in 12 month for team/ store. 
 Person in change: Market Development Director(PM).
2
 Name: Cost for Machine.
 Description: for each store have coffe machine, machine for jucie, table, chair,...
 - Spend VND 500 million/1 store  for coffe machine and meterial in water. And spend VND 300 million/1 store for decor.
 Person in change: Market Development Director(PM), design team.
3. 
 Name: Cost for Tranning
 Description: tranning new staff is make he/she know about history of brand, how to make coffee, new staff will take more cost than old staff.
 - Spend VND 200 million/1 store for new staff to help they know how taste water is, tranning history of brand, and how to do all activity a day in store.
 Person in change: HR team.
4. 
 Name: Cost for design team.
 Description: will have a design tool for team, cost plane to offline caculate and cost for meterial.
 - Spend VND 50 million to buy premium tool for design team, and VND 150 million for team to go 5 Central provinces to caculate a cost for meterial.
5.
 Name: Cost for marketing.
 Description: Marketing to apply mew staff, marketing for customer know Coi Cafe now open near they house.
 - Spen VND 300 million/1 store for team marketing to do a video on social media, buy a poster, and use KOL, KOC to marketing for brand. 
 Request 3:
 1. 
 Risk name: Over budget.
 Possible impacts: When over budget have a negative effect to quality and timeline of project, 
 Relevant risk respone plans: Monitor project to make a good plan for new budget, ask a equity and commercial bank loans to have a new way .
 2.
 Risk name: Place.
 Possible impacts: Wrong place is can make customer difficult come to brand, the place is to light or to dark is alway have affect to nostalgic style of brand.
 Relevant risk response plans: Survey customer to find a best place for brand, special design can helpful in interesting of customer. 
 3. 
 Risk name: PM is not good.
 Possible impacts: PM is part important for project, if have a bad PM can make a negative effect to quality, time and cost.
 Relevant risk respone plans: If project is in initinal or planning can as a higher to change PM, else PM can asking who responsibilities of the project roles to earn exp.
2)
Request 4:
 1. Role
  - Market Development Director(PM): PM is who make a plan and the the way for project.
  - HR team: management people for project,
  - Marketing team: make plane how to do the project.
  - Design team: design for 5 Central provindes and make sure it can launch in open day.
 2. List out ten tasks
   1. Initinal project.
   2. Planning project.
   3. Survey 5 Centrel province.
   4. Survey customer.
   5. Selecting premises.
   6. Design space.
   7. Recruiting.
   8. Trainning local personnel.
   9. Lauching project.
   10. Make total in the end.
3. RACI
 1.PM(A), HR(I), Marketing team(R), Design team(R).
 2. PM(A), HR(C), Marketing team(R), Design team(R).
 3. PM(A), HR(C), Marketing team(R), Design team(I).
 4. PM(A), HR(I), Marketing team(R), Design team(I).
 5. PM(A), HR(C), Marketing team(R), Design team(I).
 6. PM(C), HR(C), Marketing team(I), Design team(A,R)
 7, PM(C), HR(A,R), Marketing team(I), Design team(I).
 8. PM(C), HR(A,R), Marketing team(I), Design team(I).
 9. PM(A), HR(C), Marketing team(R), Design team(R).
10. PM(A, R), HR(C), Marketing team(I), Design team(I),  