1)
Request 1 
1.1 Project Name: Expansion Project into 5 Central provinces
 1.2 Purpose: famous for its nostalgic space, traditional drink menu, and sustainable business model.
Reason:want to increase the people to know the coffe brand by using reusable cups and purchasing coffee directly from Dak Lak farmers. 
  1.3 Project Constraints: to implement the coffee store into 5 Central Provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh)
Scope: surveying and selecting premises, designing and constructing interiors consistent with brand, training local personnel, building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers, and launching campaigns for each stores
Time: 1 flagship store for each province within 12 months  
Cost/Buget: the total budget of this project is 8.5 billion VND (approximately 1.7 billion/store) from equity and commercial bank loans
Quality: each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after it opening

Request 2: 
Five main cost/buget items: 
1. Name: Coffee Store's Location 
    Description: the space for each store 
    Estimate: 3 billion VND 
    How to: find the place where local people live most 
    Person in Charged: Project Manager
2. Name: Designing and Constructing with brand
     Description: designing the coffee store 
     Estimate: 1 billion VND 
     How to: design coffee store to make attract with local people
     Person in Charged: interiors design team
3. Name: Recruiting and tranining local personnel
    Description: hire local people and training them 
    Estimate: 500 million VND
    How to: make a contract 
    Person in Charged: HR team
4. Name: building a raw material supply chain 
    Description: want to make a chain for the store 
    Estimate: 3 billion VND 
    How to: make sure the equipment
    Person in Charged: Project Manager
5. Name: Advertisement social media
    Description: running Ads for the coffe store on TikTok, FaceBook, Instagram. 
     Estimate: 1 billion VND
     How to: find the younth, popular KOLs and make the contract
     Person in Charged: Marketing team.
2)
Request 3: 
1. Name: Over budget 
    Description: the project may cost more than expected
    Quality: some province can not have store
    Time: have a stuck
    Cost: have more commercial bank loans
    Mitigation: have a meeting and prepare carefully about the budget. 
2. Name: Supply Chain in some store do not work
    Description: the chain may have some trouble about the equipment or employee
    Quality: the drink may get a bad taste  
    Time: wasting more time for fixing equipment
    Cost: 
     Mitigation: have to check equipment every day
3. Name: Advertismen unattractive 
    Description: the ads does not have lot of views, KOLs' hire have some scandals/drama.
    Quality: the coffee store may get negative effect
    Time: find some new KOLs and executing the drama  
     Cost: pay more for marketing team
     Mitigation: check carefully signed KOLs  

Request 4: 
4.1. Three project roles: Project Manager, HR Team, Marketing Team
4.2. 10 activites: 
      1. Prepare coffee location 
      2. Training local people
      3. Building supply chain
      4. Design the coffee store
      5.  Commercial bank loan
      6. Running Adverstisement socail media
      7. Building a lover coffee people community for the store
      8. Adding more special event each month for the store
      9. Make some contract with coffee farmers
      10. Implement more individual business model for each province