1)
Request 1
 1. Project name: Coi Cafe expansion project
 2. Justifications: 1 flagship store in each province in 5 Central provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh)
 3. Project constraints:
     - Scope: 5 Central province (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh)
     - Time: Within 12 months
     - Cost: Total budget is VND 8.5 billion (approximately VND 1.7 billion/store) from equity and commercial bank loans.
     - Quality: Each store must reach break-even point within 8 months after opening.


Request 2
 Every cost items below is for 1 store only, not for the whole project.
  1. Name: Designing and contructing interiors
      Description: Design team make a interiors consistent blueprint for the store and hired contruction team to do the contructing
      Estimation: Approximately VND 800 million 
      How to estimate: base on average salary of an interior team (about VND 100 million) + cost of building material (about 300 million) + labor ( about 400 million for 1 whole store)
      Person in charge: Interior design team

  2. Name: Recruiting and trainning employees
      Description: Recruiting and trainning local personnel to be the employee of that store
      Estimation: Approximately VND 50 million
      How to estimate: base of average cost to hire a trainning coach (40 million) and cost for material for employees to train with (10 million)
      Person in charge: HR Team

  3. Name: Connect with raw material supply chain
      Description: Building a raw material suppy chain from Central region suppliers
      Estimation: approximately VND 100 million
      How to estimate: base on average local raw supply chain in the area  (80-100 million for all the supplies)
      Person in charge: HR team

   4. Name: Lauching campaigns
       Description: Lauching campaigns for each store to draw in customers
       Estimation: VND 50 million
       How to estimate: base on price for digital ads (VND 20 million for Youtube, Facebook. Instagram, Google, VND 30 million for at store campaign like gifts and sourvernirs)
       Person in charge: Marketing team

   5. Name: Renting location
       Description: Find a location that allow long-term renting to open the store
       Estimation: Approximately VND 500 million
       How to estimate: base on the average price of local cafe's rent ( VND 300-500 million)
       Person in charge: PM

Total fixed cost: VND 1.5 billion/store
Out of scope budget: VND 200 million/store
2)
Request 3
   1. Title: No availiable rent in the designated location/the rent location fee is out of budget.
       Likelihood: High
       Scope: At every location
       Time: At the beginning of the project
       Cost: High if not resolve properly
       Mitigation: Use all resources to find the proper designated place to rent on all kind of platform before beginning carry out the project.
       Contingency: - If high rent fee then use the out of scope budger or/and out of scope budget from other store if needed
                             - If not availiable rent n the designated location then must choose other location further from the first location
    2. Title: Building material not consistent with the brand
         Likelihood: High
         Scope: At every location, especially location that far from Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City
         Time: During contruction process
         Cost: High
         Mitigation: Prepare all the material before contruction process
         Contingency: Send the materials from Hanoi or Ho Chi Minh city store's source to the location

    3. Title: Supply chain suddenly stop providing raw material
        Likelihood : High
        Scope: At every location
        Time: During operation
        Cost: Mid-High
        Mitigation: Have back-up suppliers, restock when on have about 30% of the raw material left
        Contingency: Find new local supply as soon as possible, temporarily stop serving the product that have raw material shortage until have the new supplier that have the same quality.


Request 4
1. PM (Project Manager): the person with the highest authority in this project, giving approval to actions and report back to sponsors and investors.
    HR (Human Resources): the person which manage the employess.
    ID (Interior design team): the team designing the store's interior.
    MT (Marketing team): the team that put out marketing campaign to advertise the store.

2. Find the rent location for the store
    Sign the rent contract
    Design the interior
    Recruit local employee
    Trainning local employee
    Launching promotion campaigns
    Find suppliers
    Building a raw material supply chain
    Surveying and selecting premises
    Reporting to sponsors and investors the progress of the project

3. - Find the rent location for the store:
PM: R     HR: I        ID: C       MT: I
    - Sign the rent contract;
PM:R      HR: I        ID: I        MT: I
    - Design the interior:
PM: A     HR: I        ID: R       MT: I
    - Recruit local employee:
PM: A     HR: R      ID: I         MT: I
    - Training local employee:
PM: A     HR: R      ID: I         MT: I
    - Lauching promotion campaigns:
PM: A     HR: I        ID: I         MT: R
    - Find suppliers:
PM: A     HR: R       ID: I        MT: I
    - Building a raw material supply chain
PM: A     HR: R       ID: I        MT: I
    - Surveying and selecting premises
PM: R     HR: I        ID: I        MT: I
    - Reporting to sponsors and investors the progress of the project
PM: R    HR: I         ID: I         MT: I