1)
Request 1:
Project name: Expansion coffee store  at 5 Central provinces.

Justifications: Wanting many people can try coffee and help location people have  job. Besides, Coi can expand many store at Viet Nam and expand total sales.
Scope of constraints:
Surveying abd selecting premises,designing and constructing interiors with the brand,recruiting and training local personnel,building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers and launching campaigns for each store.
Time constraints:
Store in each province within 12 months.
Cost/budget contraints:
The total budget is 8.5 billion VND(approximately 1.7 billion VND/store)
 
Quality contraints:
Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening.

Request 2:
Main 1: Selecting premises
Description: Selection stuiation area where can people can see store easily
How to estimate: Depend on area want to hire with city or street.
Estimate: 100000000 VND
Person in charged: Project Managerment.
Main 2: Designing brand 
Description: Designing unique brand at each store to attractive customer
How to estimate: Depend on production to use to design
Estimate: 50000000 VND
Person in charged: Design Team
Main 3: Tranining staff
Description: Traning staff about envinronment word and how to create coffee
How to estimate: Staff * hour* total staff
Estimate: 80000000 VND
Person in charged: Project Management
Main 4: Marketing
Description: ADS at arround the store with social media.
Estimate:50000000 VND
Person in charged: Marketing team.
Main 5: Launching campaigns:
Description:Get to permision and people can know to coffee store
Estimate 100000000 VND
Person in charged: Marketing Team

Request 3:
Risks 1: Estimate wrong budget
Possibility: Low
Impacts: High
Mitigation Plan: Add the amount of buffer of the budget (around 10%)
Contigency Plan:Reduce non-essential(nice to have)
Risks 2: Schede is too fast and not completed on time
Possibility: Low
Impact: High
Mitigation Plan:Reduce not essential scope contraints
Contigency Plan: Add more resource and fore team OT time.
Risks 3: Project Management is not control
Possibility:High
Impact:High
Mitigation Plan: Add more sub-project management to support project management
Contigency Plan: Replace new Project Management

Request 4:
1. Create the project:PM(R),Coordinating(C),Customer(A)
2.Planning the project:PM(R),Coordinating(C),Customer(A)
3.Writing scrips about project:PM(A),Coordinating(R),Customer(C)
4. Selection area to building:PM(A),Coordinating(R),Customer(C)
5.Design store:PM(A),Coordinating(R),Customer(I)
6. Training personel:PM(A),Coordinating(R),Customer(I)
7. Launching campaigns:PM(A),Coordinating(R),Customer(I)
8.Marketing about the project:PM(A),Coordinating(R),Customer(I)
9.Controlling project:PM(A),Coordinating(R),Customer(I)
10,Closing the project:PM(R),Coordinating(C),Customer(A).

2)
