1)
Request 1:
1. Project name: Coi Cafe`s expansion project into 5 Central provinces
2. Purpose: 
The purposes of implementing project are surveying and selecting premises, designing and contructing interiors consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personel, building a raw material suppy chain from Central region suppliers, and launching campaigns for each store 
3. Constraints:
Scope: Implement into 5 Central pronvinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh), with 1 flagship store in each province 
Time: 12 months
Cost: VND 8.5 billion (approximately VND 1.7 billion/store)
Quality: Each store must reach the break-even point with 8 months after opening

Request 2:
Five main cost item:
1.
Name: Building cost
Description: The cost use for building 5 stores in 5 Central provinces
Estimate: VND 5 billion (1 billion/place)

2.
Name: Design cost
Description: The cost use for designing each store, campaign.
Estimate: VND 250 million (50 million/store)

3.
Name:  Rent cost
Description: The cost use for recruiting and training local personnel.
Estimate: VND 1.5 billion (300 million/store for renting and training 15 staffs in each store within 12 months and salary for each staff will be between VND 17.000 - 23.000/hour).

4. 
Name: Marketing cost
Description: The cost use for marketing 5 new stores in 5 places
Estimate: VND 500 million (100 million/store for contact with KOL, Tiktoker, .. and run advertisement on Facebook, Instagram, Tiktok,.. for each store)

5.
Name: Campaign cost
Description The cost for lauching campaigns for each store
Estimate: VND 500 million (100 million/store)
2)
Request 3:
Three project risks:
1.
Risk name: Unreach enough customers
Description: This risk is about situation that there are not any customers or a few customers that buy Coi Cafe`s products
Possiblle impact: Make money loses for renting staffs when do not have enough customers to pay
Mitigation: Create more advertisement on social media. Create some free-trial or buy 1 + 1 event for about 3 days when starting the store to make local personel can experience Coi Cafe's products.
Contingency: Descrease the number of staffs and materials for suitable customers.

2.
Risk name: Over total budget
Description: This risk is about situation that there is more fees  than estimate like tax, place,..
Possible impact: Can make building store become harder because of lacking money and can not do all targets that project want to reach.
Mitigation: Create a detailed report for each task. Usually check budget in order not to make money losed.
Contingency: Descrease fee for designing, marketing or renting. Focus on quality of products.

3.
Risk name: Bad weather condition
Description:  This risk is about the weather conditon when builiding store because these five Central provinces usually have heavy rain, typhoon, storm every year.
Possible impact: This situation will make loses in money and time so that store can not opening on intense day.
Mitigation: Explore and check the place and time that is not affected by bad weather when building store.
Contingency: Choose another less cost design for building store. Make sure that have enough places for customers to enjoy.

Request 4:
1. Three project roles : PM, HR team, Marketing team
2. Ten tasks:
1. Explore about people, places,.. in 5 Central pronvinces
2, Create survey 
3. Publish survey on Internet through social media
4. Design base on survey
5. Ediit design
6. Choose place
7. Build store
8. Recruit suitable staffs.
9. Train staffs.
10. Build a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers