1)
Request 1:
1. Project name : Central provinces expansion project.
2. Justifications: The reasons to implement this project is organize the campaigns into 5 Central provinces , and provide for everyone know about Coi Cafe with culture  
3. Constraints:
 This project need includes survering and selecting premeies , designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personnel , building a raw material supply chain from Cental region suppliers and launching campaigns for each store , The project need to successfully within 12 months and total budget is VND 8.5 billion (approximately VND 1.7 billion/store).

Request 2: 

1. 
Title: Location Fee 
Description : This cost pay for house(store) into 5 Cental provinces  
Budget: 50 million/ store
Estimation: Market rate and deal with master house

2.
Title: Material for design
Description : Building and design for store in campaigns.
Budget : 200 million/ store
Estimation : Maket rate in this province

3. 
Title : Salary for worker
Description: Pay salary for all team member (PM, design team , HR team , marketing team)
Budget : 300 milion
Estimation: Deal salary with everyone before apply for this project

4. 
Title : Marketing campaigns
Description: Run Marketing for any online platform (Tiktok, Facebook, Instagram)
Budget: 200 million 
Estimation: The default fee in online platform 

5. 
Title : Coffee fee
Description: The cost include coffee directly from Dak Lak farmers 
Budget: 200 million
Estimation: market fee and deal with farmers

2)
Request 3:
Risk 1: Pay many money for Marketing but not viral
Description: We spending for marketing in TikTok/Facebook/Instagram but do not have many customer and don't viral in online platform
Impacts: High 
Mitiigation: Connect more online platform and KOLs  
Contigency: Meeting with marketing team to change infomation and plane for videos 

Risk 2: Limit Time 
Description: Training local personnel failed make limit  time of project 
Impacts: Medium
Mitigation: Use expert of Coi Cafe for training local Personnel with more time .
Contingency: Use backup local worker of Coi Cafe for store have failed training local perconnel.

Risk 3: Out of scope
Description: The scope of project are biggest , do not have time and budget 
Impacts: High 
Mitigation: Make plane with correctly after approved for this project.
Contingency: Cut dow any function does not have 

Request 4:
1.Project Role: PM , Design Team , HR team , Marketing Team
2. Ten Tasks .
Task 1. Make Plant to start for campaigns 
Task 2. Write content for videos of project
Task 3. Filter KOLs for videos
Task 4. Setup design for any store 
Task 5. Training local personnel for each store
Task 6. Start action videos in any store with KOLs
Task 7. Editing videos
Task 8. Demo videos apply in online plasform (Tiktok, Facebook, Instagram)
Task 9. Launching campaigns for each store
Task 10. Write final report .  
3. Responsibilities of the project
Task 1: PM (R,A) , Design Team (I), HR (I), Marketing Team (I)
Task 2: PM (A) , Design Team (I), HR (I) , Marketing Team (R)
Task 3: PM (A) , Design Team (I), HR (R) , Marketing Team (C)
Task 4: PM (A) , Design Team (R) , HR (I), Marketing Team (I)
Task 5: PM (A), Design Team (I), HR (R) , Marketing Team (I) , 
Task 6 : PM (A) , Design Team (I), HR (I) , Marketing team (R) 
Task 7 ; PM(A) , Design Team (R), HR(I) , Marketing Team (I)
Task 8 : PM (A) , Design (I), HR (I). Marketing Team (R)

