1)
Request 1:
1 Project name: Coi Cafe's expansion project

2 Justifications (purpose and reasons to implement this project)
Coi Cafe has 12 stores in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City and Coi Cafe decided to implement an expansion project into 5 Central province. They want to expand their market and access their customers from different provinces. And they want to have 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months.

3 Project constraints 
 Scope: Surveying and selecting premises, designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personnel, building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers, and launching campaigns for each store
 Time: 12 months
 Cost/ budget: VND 8.5 billion
 Quality: Each store must reach the break-even point within 8 months after opening.

Request 2:
- Item 1:
 Name: Cost for surveying and selecting premises.
Description: To open the new store, we need to survey the location and demand of customer in each province. After that, selecting premises that suitable for project.
Estimation: Collect 500 surveys, choosing the good premisis. 
Budget: VND 500 million.

- Item 2: 
Name: Cost for desigining and constructing interiors consistent with brand.
Description: Hire freelancers or people who have knowledge about designing and constructing interiors.
Estimation: Finish the designs and project manager agree with designs. Start to apply the store.
Budget: VND 1.5 billion.

- Item 3: 
Name: Cost for recruiting and training local personnel.
Description: We need to find and hire the employees to operate the store. Besides that, the employees need to be trained belong to law of company.
Estimation:Have at least 6 employees for each store. 
Budget: VND 2 billion.

- Item 4:
Name: Cost for building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers.
Description: We need to built a raw material supply chain to increase the revenue from Central region suppliers.
Estimation:Have the information and contact with the suppliers in 5 Central provinces. And start to have at least 1 order for each store.
Budget: VND 2.5 billion

- Item 5:
Name: Cost for Launching campaigns for each store.
Description: We need to run the campaigns in the social media and have some promotions to be have target customers of Coi Cafe attention.
Estimation: More than 500 interactions and 200 followers in fanpage for each store.
Budget: VND 2 billion.

Request 3:
Project risk

- Title 1: The quality of employees are not consistency 
Description: Each store have a lot of ways to training for the employees and each employees have a different characters, personality.
Possible impacts:
Quality: Decreasing customer service quality
Time: duration is longer than 1 month to check and apply the new way to improve the customer service department.
Cost: 30 million/store
Mitigation: Need to have a plan to use same  regulations for each store and punish the employees that have mistakes.
Contigency: Using the consistency regulation for each store

- Title 2 :Launching the campaign is not good performance.
Description: Having some campaigns are not efficient performance, like less interactions, lack of content or not attractive the target customers
Possible impact:
In term of scope: Less interactions, not attractive the target customers, the local customers, suppliers do not know about the brand 
Time: 3 months
Cost: 200 million for each campaign
Mitigation: Restart the campaign with update new content that learn from the fail campaigns before. 
Contingency: We need to retest the content or pilot with experts to have some advices or hire the marketing team to support the campaigns.

- Title 3: Not reach the break-even point within 8 months
Description: The operation of the store not efficient so they not have KPI is break-even point within 8 months. 
Possible impact:
Quality: Having trouble about the financial plan
Time: 3 months to find the problems and improve the cash flow and income of store.
Cost: 100 million
Mitigation: Trying to decrease the cost to improve the revenue
Contingency: Having the financial plan and have some advices from experts


Request 4:
- Three project roles: Project manager(PM), HR team and Marketing team.
- Ten tasks, activities and deliverables:
1 Create the plan to survey the market
2 Manage the employees
3 Create the plan to start the compaigns
4 Hire the employees
5 Finding and connecting the Central region suppliers
6 Evaluation the campaigns
7 Training the employees
8  Operation the store
9 Create the content
10 Managent the cash flow for the store

1 R:HR ; A: PM ; C:Marketing team; I: HR
2 R: HR; A: PM; 
3 R: Marketing team; A PM; C: marketing team
4 R: HR; A: PM; C: PM
5 R,A: PM
6 R: Marketing team, A PM
7 R: HR, A: HR, C: PM I: HR
8 R: HR, A: HR, C: PM I: HR
9 R,A,I: Marketing team; C: PM
10 R: PM, A: PM
 
2)
