1)
REQUEST 1:
1. Project name: Implement an expansion project into 5 Central provinces ( Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh)
2. Purpose: Coi's management decided to implement an expansion project into 5 Central provinces, with 1 flagship store in each province within 12 month.The project includes: surveying and selecting premises, designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand, recruiting and training local personnel, building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers and launching campaigns for each store.
Reason: Because Coi Cafe is a pure Vietnamese coffee brand with 12 stores in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh city, famous for its nostagic space, traditional drink menu and sustainable business model ( using reusable cups, purchasing coffee directly from Dak Lak farmers)
3. Project Constraints: 
Scope: 
- Surveying and selecting premises
- Designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand
- Recuiting and training local personnel
- Building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers
- Launching campaigns for each store
Time: 12 month 
Budget: VND 8.5 billion ( approximately VND 1.7 billion/ store)
Quality: Each store must reach the break - even point within 8 months after opening 
REQUEST 2:
1. The cost for rent a houses to open the store
Budget: VND 240.000.000/ store/ year 
2. the cost for employee, 10 person/ store/ month
budget: VND 100.000.000/ store
3, the cost for buy a materials 
budget: VND 200.000.000/ store/ month 
4. The cost of designing and contructing interiors
budget: VND 100.000.000 for all
5. The cost of supply the materials
budget: VND 1.5 billion for all

2)
REQUEST 4
1. Project - internal: The interior design team, HR team, Marketing team
   Oragnization-internal: The Market Development Director.
  External: Customer 
2, 
a, Surveying the habit of customer in provinces 
b. Research the center of province in order to find the store for rent
c. Research a new item for new store
d, Interview the employee for the new stores, find a store manager 
e. Collect the new information updated per day/week 
f. write a report ( PDF/ DOCX)
g. Dealing with suppliers
h. Manage the numbers of material input and output
h. Lauching the campaign for each store and note the imapct
i. Updating the information for PM per week by meetings
k. Manage a total budget and supply the fee for all the project 
REQUEST 3: 
1. Can not find a store for rent in the center of province 
possible impact: time
2. the Material not enough for supply because of the weather/ season
possible impact: quality, time 
3, Out of budget per store
possible impact: cost
