1)
Question 1:
1. Project name: Coi Cafe
2. Purpose: Expand project into 5 Central provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh), with 1 flagship store in each province within 12 months.
3. 
Constraints: 
Scope: 
- Surveying and selecting premises
- Building a raw meterial supply chain from Central region suppliers
- Designing and constructing interiors consisten with the brand
- Recruiting and traning local personnel
- Launching campaigns for each store
Time: 12 months
Cost/budget: VND 8.5 billion (approximately 1.7 billion/store)
Quality
- The total budget is VND 8.5 billion
-  Have more than or equal 6 staff is local persoannel in store
- Designing and constructing interios consistent with the brand


2)
Question 2:
1. 
Name: Bulding the store
Description: the budget to bulding the store in 5 central provices (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh)
Estimate: VND 8.5 billion 
Way to Estimate: The Coi's Management buliding 5 store in 5 Central Providince with VND 1.7 billion/store
Person in charged: PM
2.
Name: Buget to Traing staff
Desciption: Five store will recruiting and training local personnel to become staff, and each store have 6 staff (bartender, washer...)
Estimate: VND 24 million
Way to Estimate: each staff in store will received salary approximately VND 4 million/moths
Person in charged: PM
3.
Name: Budged to Design 
Desciption: 5 store need to design when the building is done
Estimate: VND 100 million
Way to Estimate: Each store will have VND 20 million to Decord the store and  constructing interiors consistent with the brand
Person in Charged: The Coi's Management
4.
Name: Budget for Buy Location 
Desciption: Monthly the Coi's Managerment need payment cash for location.
Estimate: VND 25 billion
Way to Estimate: the cash for location (approximately VND 5 billion/store).
Person on charged:The Coi's Manager ment

5
Name: Budget for Material 
Desciption: The cost buy  Coffee, tea...
Estimate: 20 million
Way to Estimate: The budget to buy coffee (VND 5 million), tee (VND 5 million), other Meterial (VND 10 million)
Person on Charged: PM

Question 3: 
1. 
Name: The staff is few (2 or 3 staff)
Description: Don't have staff in store, and the store will more work for other staff
Possion Impact: 
- quality: Have more 6 staff in store
- time: 2 weeks
- cost: the cost equal or small than VND 16  million 
Rish response plains:
- Mitigation: increase salary for staff, and manager will find the staff for store
- Contingency: Received more than 6 staff if 1 staff is troubling will have staff changed.

2. 
Name: Bad Customer Experience
Description: The Custome Experice is not good may be by staff, or something as drink not good.
Possion Impact: 
- Quality: 70% Good Experience from Customer
- time: 2 moths
- cost: increase 5% budget  to have girf vourcher for  if customer have feedback about service, drink, location.
Rish response Plains
- Mitigation: Recived feedback from customer and try to better.
- Contingency: Traning for saff more than, change decord if have festival, more dink to avoid customer boring.

3. 
Name: Materail is increment cost
Description: Material may be increase price because don't have more meterial or quanter (example summer have more tee or spring have more coffee) make to price of material is increase
Possion Impact:
- Quality: The coffee, tea or other drink with current price
- Time: 1 moths
- Cost: Increase 5% budget to find and buy people have good price.
Risk response plain
- Mitigation: Buy Material with high cost, as will as find dealer have Material with good cost. 
- Contigency: deal with people always goods price but we will buyed long time. 
 
Question 4:
1. Roles: PM, Design Team, HR, Marketing Team.

2.
1. Find location on 5 Central Provinces to Buy
2. Building the store on location
3. Decords the store
4. Find staff
5. Traning staff
6. Find Meterial with good price
7. Buying Meterail
8. Plaing for marketing
9. Marketing on social media (facabook and tiktok)
10. Get feedback form customer

3.
1. PM (R, A). Design Team (I), HR (I), Marketing Team (I)
2. PM (A). Desin Team (C), HR (I), Marketing Team (I)
3. PM (C). Design Team (R, A), HR (I), Marketing Team (I)
4. PM (I). Design Team (I), HR (R, A), Marketing Team (I)
5. PM (C),  Desgn Team (I), HR (I), Marketing Team (I)
6 PM (A), Design Team (I), HR (I), Marketing Team (I)
7 PM (A), Design Team (I), HR (I), Marketing Team (I)
8 PM (I), Design Team (I), HR (I), Marketing Team (R, A)
9 PM (I), Design Team (I), HR (I), Marketing Team (R, A)
10 PM (C), Design Team (I), HR (I), Marketing Team (I)


