1)
Request 1. 
1. Project name: The Coi Cafe whose project name is Amazing Vietnamese Local Coffee 

2. Justifications:

- Purpose: 
Increasing target audiences in 5 Central provinves (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh)

Each store must reach the break- even point within 8 months after opening

- Reasons:
Marketing some famous images about Vietnamese coffee brand such as nostalgic space, traditional drink menu, and sustainable business model (using  reusable cups, purchasing coffee directly from Dak Lak farmers)  

3. Project constraints:

- In term of scope: 1 flagship store in each provinces (Da Nang, Hue, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh) 

- Time: 12 months

- Cost/budget: VND 8.5 billlion (approximately VND 1.7 billion/store)

- Quality: High

Request 2:

Five main cost/budget items:

1. Surveying and selecting premises

2. Designing and constructing interiors consistent with the brand

3. Recruiting and training local personnel 

4. Building a raw material supply chain from Central region suppliers

5. Launching campaigns for each store






2)
Request 3:

- Three project risk:

Title name: The first risk of project is out budget

Description: The project do not have enough fund to run the campaigns for 12 months

Possible impacts cost

Relevant risk response plans:

Reduce or delete a lot of unimportant activities overlost fund to run the project

Contact with many outside sponsors improve the orginal budget  


Title name: The second risk of project is delay time 

Description: The plan schedule about many activities for project will ever fit exactly 100% like orginal plan.  

Possible impacts time

Relevant risk response plans:

The PM need to separate each of team to double check work and usually tell result for leader to control the plan 

List plenty of activities which waste much time to do need to have an extra plan to change


Title name: The third risk of project choose wrong target customers

Description: The begining project do not carefully research local people of 5 Central     province (like habit, favorite, age, lifestyle,..)


Possible impacts purpose of project

Relevant risk response plans:

The first thing always focus that we do not do quickly plan the project. We have to research details information about place we want to implement






